reviewText,deceptive
"I originally ordered screen protectors in December from another company, and after 2 months I hadstill not received them, I ended up ordering from this company. They came within 2 days and fit perfectly!!! Thanks so much, you have A+ service!!",0
"I used this item for little over a month and the leather stretched to the point where it did hold my iPhone in securely. Eventually, my iPhone fell out of the case and the glass casing on both sides shattered. When I tried to return the item to Amazon, I was three days past my return window. Not only am I stuck with a junky $60 case, but also a bill to repair my iPhone., DO NOT PURCHASE this item. It is of very low quality!",0
I wanted something to protect my phone from bouncing around inside my backpack. This case is really nice and came with two screen protectors and a microfiber cloth. Very good investment.,0
"I had a local stereo shop install this item.
Seems to work like a charm.
Don't buy a line-out converter...they suck...buy this instead...this is actually a Digital Signal Processor that separates the lows & highs for you.  It also sums any factory lows & highs to make sure the correct frequency goes to the correct place.
I would consult someone who knows what amp & speakers to pair with this set-up.",0
"I've went through a few cases from Case Crown, Elago and now Incase.

The case looks great but I do agree, in some lighting conditions, the top part does look purplish but not that much.

I love the soft feeling top and the glossy bottom. It gives the phone a great look.

If you have a screen protector on it, there's going to be a 95% chance the slider is going to cause it to bubble. I think that's why Incase charges $20 for their custom fit screen protectors which fits the screen area with the case on.

For $7 and some change, you can't go wrong with this case.

Another thing, no flash problems when using the camera with the case on.",0
"The Delta Smartphone Caddy II is very close to the ideal bicycle mounting for smartphones and larger format mp3 players.  I use it with my Zune and my Samsung Galaxy S Captivate phone.  They are on the right track for how to hold these things down, but they sorta failed in the final implementation.  Much to the credit of the designers, the basic concept is sort of a cage that closes on the device.  The only problem is that the closing mechanism is basically a rubber band. This approach is cheap, but dumb.  The force a rubber band applies is a function of how much it is distorted.  So something smaller gets less force and bounces the heck right out of the mount like my Zune did three times on medium bumps.  Fortunately it survived, but now I only use the thing with a supplemental Velcro strap to hold my device in.  If they had only used a ratchet/release mechanism like on handcuffs, this would be the bomb.  Everything else about it is great.  It's light, sleek, and functionally correct.  The cage which closes on the device does have a slightly too large lip on the phone face side, so that the bottom buttons on my captivate are barely accessible, but with a very directed finger press I can get the home row buttons to work.  With just a little more thought and effort this could be the best device holder I have found yet.  It's only the second one I have purchased and tried, but I have studied at least two dozen.  Also the price is very unpretentious. Try it out but get a Velcro strap just in case.",0
I like not having wires running directly to the phone and the phone in an upright position. The usb connection on this docking station is a little difficult to position with the phone at first. The station comes with an insert for an S3 without a cover or without the insert for the S3 with a cover. Fits perfect.,0
My original Motorola Q phone wouldn't hold a charge for more than 2 hrs. I found this and it works like a champ. Been using the battery for a few months now and it holds a charge for 2 days (unless you're surfing the net a lot). Very happy with the price and performance.,0
"These batteries are probably great for what they are.

But in applications where 3 LR927 or 3 AG7 batteries are put into a stack, these 395/399 (SR27W/SR927SW) cells are too thin for a proper fit.  What I end up doing is putting a small washer behind the cells to make up for the fact they are too thin to make the connection.

In applications where a single cell is called for, and there is a spring contact, these will probably be fine.  However if you are stacking them, they may be too thin to work without adding a shim.  Use the shim on the positive side to avoid causing a short.

The batteries I received say ""made in USA"", but the text on the back is in Spanish and I think Portuguese.  They also seem to be missing the ""sell by"" date I usually see on batteries, probably because they were not meant for the American market.",0
"This phone works just as described. Super fast 4G but the only negative is that it does not accept my 32GB storage card but I have my 2GB card from my old phone working. It also has not been able to connect to the computer. Other than these two, it is a great phone with super fast internet. It works well with Simple Mobile as well as T-Moblie. I recommend this phone.",0
"this is exactly what the droid pro needs.  the screen protector starts at the bottom of the screen covering the screen buttons (menu, home, return search) and continues all the way to the ear piece. the cut out matches the ear piece so it becomes completely one with the shape of the phone.

Dont buy the Verizon droid pro screen protector, its a piece of junk. it covers only the inner screen and non of the black area around it making it look cheap.  this is a much better choice.  it comes with 2 protectors, a wipe and also a plastic attacher used to push out any air bubbles.

Great buy!",0
There is nothing bad to say about this phone. The delivery arrived before it was due. The phone was in new condition just as it said in the ad.,0
"A few weeks ago I was looking for a mounting solution for my iPhone in my Dodge truck, and was intrigued by the description and reviews I saw of this one.  A few days later, it arrived & I began experimenting with different ways to mount it.  The more ways I tried, the more I realized how versatile of a mount this is.  My mounting location of choice was the overhanging lip of the dashboard, above and to the right of the steering wheel.  However, the dash is composed of sort of rippled, patterned plastic, and I seriously doubted that I could get any kind of suction cup mount to work.

Amazingly, the ""Smart Pad"" that comes with this mount solves this problem perfectly, although it is not very well described in the enclosed instructions.  The Smart Pad is simply a tacky, very soft rubber-like disc, which is placed between a non-uniform mounting surface, and the suction cup mount.  Somehow, by applying suction against it from the suction cup mount side, the soft surface against the non-uniform mounting surface conforms to that surface and maintains suction against it.  Once I figured this out, I successfully managed to mount my iPhone just above and to the right of steering wheel.  I set it up so that it was easily visible while driving, got good GPS reception through the windshield, and was easily touched from my right hand, even while holding on to the steering wheel.

But, how well would it hang on to the overhanging lip, and how long would it stay?  The true test came right away: a drive from from Arizona to Alaska via the Alaska Highway - four days of normal road vibration, followed by about two days of rough roads with potholes, and frostheaves.  The result: it didn't come off even once.  I had to worry about mosquitoes, shifting trailer loads, and high gas prices.  But never about my iPhone coming loose.

A couple of weeks later, it continues to hang on tightly.  No longer do I have to fumble around with my iPhone to change songs, or try to wrestle it out from in between the seats, where it's slid into on a corner.

Overall, a convenient mounting option for the iPhone that is versatile, well-made, and easy to use.",0
"This is a great product.  I put it on my Droid Bionic and it fit just great.  The clear shield for the screen was better then any of the others I had brought previously, so I used it.  It has already saved my phone when it fell.  Easy to get off when I change out my battery.  I would recommend this for any Droid Bionic.",0
"Just received the Defender case and so far very impressed.  Great fit on the phone, and works as described.  Protects ports from dust and debris, and buttons are all still very easy to use.  Screen cover is very clear, and doesn't reduce responsiveness of touch screen at all.

I would highly recommend it.",0
"I ordered this case after seeing someone mention it in a forum having it for their Galaxy S2.  I checked it out and saw the good reviews and the price was reasonable so I said why not!  I had a Diztronic matte black case but thought it wouldn't protect my phone from a hard fall/impact so decided I needed something with a little more protection.  I was originally considering getting a Otterbox commuter or a Seidio active x.  I had an active x for my old Epic 4G but was wary of its durability since the hinges broke off so easily on them after some time.  So I went with this Acase and have been pleasantly surprised of its quality and form factor!  The Acase has that perfect balance of slimness and added protection.  It does collect dust and lint pretty easily since I carry it in my pocket so cleaning it will be in your interest.  Otherwise, I LOVE IT!!  It's a WINNER and you won't be disappointed!!",0
"My first impression on this headphone is ""Good build headphone"". It is made out of metal even on the on/off switch unit. Great corn design and fits very well on my ears. I like the material quality of this product, but the actual quality of sound is 2 stars. No base tone and the voice quality on the conference call was not so good. But with this price, this is still a good buy.",0
Great fitting case. I decided to try something new with this case and I am glad I did. the hybrid style TPU is great. It covers the power and volume sliders but does not hinder their access. The usb/charging access port is sized appropriately and allows the OEM usb charging cable to fit like it should.,0
"I both this because my first Clear device failed suddenly quit. Clear was useless at helping me fix the issue and troubleshoot, the customer service was not helpful. I had to resort to purchasing a new device...
However, this new device came quick and setting it up was simple and fast. I have used it around Baltimore and in NYC. It even catches signal when I was moving on the LIRR from Long Island to Manhattan! The signal is spotty in rural areas between states (doesnt bother me, of course the signal will be bad!) but it works very well in major cities and I'm happy so far. Good battery life too!",0
"This cradle is pretty secure when plugged into a power port, but I have trouble with the flexible arm slipping and moving in the ball joint.  I can't seem to tighten it up enough to keep the arm from falling down when driving.  The solution is to let the arm rest on something so it's it's able to support the phone's weight without moving.  I use this for travel and mounting my phone in rental cars, but it just hasn't been the slam dunk I was hoping it would be - it's just a little too bulky and too much a pain to use.  I'll probably keep my eye out for something better.

NEW UPDATE: I went a year and half of using this mount every week or two, and the cradle finally snapped.  Overall it wasn't a bad run.  I can still use the power port, but it's time to start looking for a replacement.",0
"Phones were just as requested, new and in the box. Unlike others who sell on here starting with the letter ""Z"" these were new and not refurbished!  Thanks.",0
"Love this, just wish the battery life lasted longer,I only use it to drive to and from work to be hands free, but I am constantly being reminded to ""charge"" it and it lasts only 1.5days, IF that long.",0
"This did not work with a new Mac running Lion with all the latest updates. Jabra's tech support's ""solution"" was to tell me to try a bunch of stuff that didn't work and then to tell me they don't actually support Macs. After I pointed out how not-support that was, they did step up to take another shot at it. However, by then I had figured it out on my own. So here is what YOU have to do if you try this with a Mac and it doesn't work. When your Mac says it has the latest software updates on everything, well, how do I say this -- it isn't true. Search the web for ""apple bluetooth updater"". Download it. Run it. Suddenly, your bluetooth, that was supposedly already up to the latest software is actually put on the latest software and suddenly this headset works. I asked Jabra to put this in their knowledge base but I don't know if they did.",0
"I was VERY happy when I saw that an adapter like this existed as when I upgraded my cell phone last year the 2.5mm earsets I had were useless in the new phones 3.5mm jack. I ordered a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter but it would not work on my phone and the company even sent another but it must be something about the phone itself (HTC Incredible) but proper sets work fine. I found this and decided to give it a try as I liked the idea of using the earset over only one ear and able to make use of the quality and comfort I had in the phone earset.

I can not express how great this adapter is for me. I get the comfort of my cell earset with the cleaner quality of the computer when I Skype, is just great. Going to buy another just to be sure I have a spare in case they become hard to find again as I will use this a lot and have like 5 or 6 earsets to wear out lol.",0
"UPDATE 11/04/2011-- I have now had this for several months and it seems to get worse. I have reset it several times, but the bluetooth just doesn't seem to be anywhere close to 20 feet for reception. If I put the phone in my front pockets the headset will lose connection, tell me there is no active phone connected, then 10 seconds later tell me there is an active phone connected. This is EXTREMELY annoying. Also if I hold the phone in my hand while walking or keep it in my pocket I hear lots of static. The only time this headset works perfectly is when I am in my car and the phone is on the seat next to me or at my desk and the phone is next to my keyboard. Anyother time I either get the no active phone message every 10 minutes or hear static. If I hold the phone up close to my head the static goes away when I am walking, which defeats the reason for a wireless headset. Keep in mind I have had this same issue on three devices, an HTC EVO and 2 different Palm phones with the same result. For $80 I would expect a much better performance.

This is the best bluetooth I have ever had. It pairs quickly and easily. The sound quality if fantastic when I listen to a caller or music. The people on the other line say I sound crystal clear. Much better than the 2 Jabras and motorola bluetooths I had before. Also very light and the earloop is great. One Jabra I owned the earloops were cheap and kept breaking. Everytime I called customer service they would send me packets of 3 for free, but it was still annoying.

My only con is that when I have been connected to my phone for a long while with no actions being taken the Q2 will tell me the connection to my phone is lost and then that the connection is re-established. Not sure what the issue is, but it doesn't bother enough for me to look for a solution at this time.",0
"Big and bulky, a very expensive rubber case. Will not fit into a pouch.  Seems too loose as a fit",0
"I have been using the Opteka BP-SC4000 solar charger for a week and it fully charges my Smartphone from being completely dead to full, with 25% left over on the charger.  Much better than any other unit out there for the money!  It also has a good sized solar panel that recharges in a reasonable amount of time, unlike the tiny panels on some models which take days to recharge the batteries.  Of course, you can always charge it with USB, but why not let the sun do it for free :)  The only thing that would make it perfect, would be if the solar panel could help to charge, even when you are charging your devices.  I have seen this feature on a few other chargers, but the manual isn't clear if this one works that way.  This would mainly be good as a feature while camping, but it might help if you have it in a window at home too.",0
"The phone recognizes the ""clone"" battery and complains of unsupported battery at power up.  However, the phone works until the battery runs out of juice then it won't charge it.  The charger will charge the original battery just fine.  Samsung, stop this nonsense!  We paid you enough!!!
With three batteries on hand, I won't fear of not having access to the phone while it being charged. The charger also serves as night-light while it plugs into the socket with its red/green leds.  Another use, for free!",0
"Received about one week ago, ordered three.  All had near full charge upon arrival. Had to use my own usb-apple cord to charge but they charged to full power in about 2 hours or so.  Left in the drawer for a few days then used them on apple ipod touches, both 3rd and 4th gen.  They charged the ipods in about 1 hour from < 20% to full capacity, with the battery capactiy of the charger dropping from fully charged to 2 lights (out of four to indicate fully charged).

Pros: simple, works, very cheap (1/10 the price of a different model that I purchased in April 2011)

Cons: comes without a cord, there is no side locks on the connector to prevent the ipod or iphone from slipping off the backup battery charger, so you have to hold the ipod/iphone onto the charger or rest it on a surface where they will not become separated.

I would buy again, especially since they were a whole of seven american dollars, and with amazon prime, no shipping charges.",0
"I bought this item on amazon and it came a week later. I got the cover with scratches on the back and the sides. The cover felt like plastic. It rarely fits and stays on my iphone 4s. I would not recommend this product to anyone!
DO NOT BUY!",0
I've had this case for about two months and I've dropped my phone at least three times a day. Not in purpose if course but it happens. But thanks to the bumped up corners and two cases nothing has happens to my galaxy s2 from Tmobile. Its one of the few cases for it and recommend to buy turnover anything else out there. Don't buy the do 3 case they sell at the store its junk cracked in the first droand don't worry about it being bulky you don't are a difference cuz the phone is huge at first,0
"After my Jawbone Era malfunctioned, while I waited for a warranty replacement to be sent I decided to try out the Bose Bluetooth Series 2, intending to sell the replacement Jawbone if the Bose proved to be a better headset.  Though the Era is far from perfect, I've been pretty happy with it.

After using the Bose for a few weeks, and also doing some head-to-head (no pun intended) testing against the Era when the replacement arrived, I ended up returning the Bose and keeping the Era.  However, it was a very difficult decision.

In terms of comfort, it was pretty much a tie (though I use a Plantronics 975 eargel on the Era... if I were comparing against the stock Jawbone eargels, the Bose would win easily).  The Bose was comfortable, but I did have a some irritation at the spot where the eargel protrudes into the ear canal slightly... switching back and forth between the standard medium eargel and the smaller one, I came to the conclusion that what I really needed was something in between the two.  But again, I generally found it to be comfortable (I ended up sticking with the medium).  It felt secure in my ear, not giving the impression that it was about to fall out.

For sound quality, I'd say the Bose wins in most categories.  Incoming audio was sufficiently loud and clear (in fact, I easily listened to an audiobook during a school field trip while riding on a bus with a bunch of screaming kids).  Outgoing audio was good on both headsets, but while the Era was better in a noise ""torture test"" scenario, the Bose sounded better for more realistic and common situations (sitting at my desk, driving on the Interstate, etc.).  I'd describe the Era's outgoing sound as being more ""full"" than the Bose, but the Bose sound was clearer and more intelligible.

In the end, I determined that there wasn't a big enough difference in sound quality between the two to overcome my main criticism of the Bose, a relatively lackluster feature set.  Specifically, the relatively imprecise battery life indication of the Bose seems downright primitive compared to the Era's voice announcements and on-screen iPhone meter.  Additionally, the Bose does not have the ability to turn off A2DP, which means all alerts and OS sounds on the iPhone go through the headset (which is problematic when the headset is on but not worn)... the Era gives the option of disabling A2DP.  However, I really consider this to be more of an iPhone fault... the iPhone should have the option of disabling A2DP (or let the user specify whether OS sounds should be routed to the headset or to the phone's speaker), so it's not fair to count this against the Bose headset.  Still, the Era compensates for this iPhone missing feature, and I wish the Bose did as well.

But all this being said, I really liked the Bose... I think if I had purchased it and the Era at the same time (and had the option of returning the loser for a full refund), I would have kept the Bose.  But the better sound quality of the Bose was not quite enough to overcome the lack of a good battery life indicator and the expense of keeping it and selling the Era for a big loss.

One big caveat though.  I have an iPhone 4... if I had upgraded to the iPhone 4S, there's no question that I would have kept the Bose, as it is clear that it would work much better with Siri (the Era's voice prompts ""get in the way"" of the user's interaction with Siri).",0
Item is exactly as it is shown. Very sturdy case very pretty as well. Even came with a free screen protector n cleaning cloth.,0
love these screen covers. fits my droid2 perfect. easy to use and good quality for the price of a coffee.,0
"When I tried out the Parrot I thought it was great and I finally found a bluetooth device for my car that worked! The sound quality was excellent, voice commands worked great, and it was a slim profile. However, after one day I would get in my car and it would not connect to my phone. It would keep say it was downloading my contacts and I could not get it to stop. It was downloading nothing. The phone wasn't even connected and the contacts were already downloaded. Resetting the device was no help. Sent it back and looking for another bluetooth device for my car.",0
"Honestly I was sceptical: How could I get four accessories for $2.25, and have everything actually fit the phone and work? But everything does fit and does work on our Curve 8330 BB phones. The items were shipped promptly and arrived a few days later.

I would like to thank that 12-year old in China for making this possible.",0
IT WAS A CABLE FOR MY PALM IT WAS GOOD.  MY OLD ONE WAS NOT WORK SO I JUST NEED A NEW ONE.,0
"I've always been happy with Kensington peripherals; and this one is no exception. The build is sturdy, is not cheap like many others designed & manufactured somewhere I've not heard of. This is designed in California and made in China, and the quality shows its design strengths. It doesn't slip on the desktop, it doesn't flip over backwards when you place your phone on it, and the UCB cable is detachable (not that I disconnect it at all, but a broken cable is easy to replace by another stock USB cable).

Recommended; don't fiddle with plugging that white connector to your iPhone, just put it on the cradle and you are done.",0
"There are MASS QUANTITIES of these devices being offered.  Most are probably made by the same prime manufacturer in China.  This review covers the item, boxed, and kitted with TWO SIM adapters in the thin cardboard carton. Identification reads ""Nano-SIM cutter for iPhone5 - including 1 pcs cutter 2 pcs adapters"".  THESE adapters make a big difference in your conversion satisfaction.  Many of the SIM adapter inserts are made of a thin clear or blackened plastic with a very thin translucent poly film covering one side.  The two adapters included in THIS kit (one for Nano-to-Micro and one for Nano-to-Mini sized SIM) both have rectangular holes in the center.  These are critical if you do not cut and ""shave"" your SIM card precisely!  The holes offer a bit of relief so when you insert the card, there is less pressure on the cut SIM;  the extra pressure would cause the SIM to warp slightly, making extraction very difficult or impossible in the future.

Speaking of shaving:  you MUST get yourself a nail file tool like the six-surface ones sold by mall beauty supply shops.  Costs about five bucks.  You need three surfaces: mid-rough, very fine, and polish.  You must shave down the cut Namo-SIM till the info is gone completely, then shave another pass.  Carefully use the fine grit to smooth the SIM and place a gentle chamfer to round out the surface.  THEN you MUST use the rubber polish edge to round out all TEN edges of the card so it feels buttery smooth.  YES, you must smooth down the golden finger edges, too, for best results. THEN, use the fine filing surface to run a few gentle passes over the SIM adapter, particularly the leading edge (on exit).  Polish this smooth also with the rubbery file surface.

After you are done, wipe down your SIM and adapter with a slightly alcohol-moistened microfiber cloth to clean off all your dust and finger oils.

The CUTTING TOOL is a work of art in its practical simplicity.  You slide the big Mini-SIM directly into the slot.  If it's a Micro-SIM, they have included a tiny metal frame for you to place the Micro-SIM;  then you slide it into the same slot in front of the cutter.  I suggest you hold the front of the assembly in towards the cutter body with a soda straw or your finger if you are brave.  Then press down firmly to make the cut.  My cutter arrived slightly out of alignment due to the feeble cushioning (none) in the shipping envelope.  I easily straightened it and added a few tiny globs of Teflon silicone grease on the contact surfaces and main spring.  Smooth as steel butter!

Patiently apply the prep tips above for maximum ease of transition into your hot new iPhone-5. Enjoy!",0
The phone is really unlocked and ofcourse with excellent nokia workmanship. I just inserted my tmobile sim and it was up and running. The call quality is good. i had no issues what so ever with this phone. wi-fi connection was a breeze....love this phone. I do not have a data plan but am connected most of the time to my home wi-fi and cable vision wi-fi hot spots when i am on the go. The GPS works flawless. Takes a little longer to connect to GPS signal but once connected does a excellent job.......strongly recomend this phone,0
"I received my extended 3800 mah batter for my Galaxy Nexus and the Seidio Extended battery case at the same time. The battery worked great but when I snapped this case on ....WOW.  Never been so disappointed in a Seidio product.  This was obviously a half-assed, out the door product.  The NFC 3 dots on the phone are on the right side, the opening on the case was on the LEFT!  USELESS!  Also, the case is a 2 piece, and the front is flimsy, and non-durable.  Parts of the, edges don't even snap together.  Not to mention it adds a RIDICULOUS amount of size!  Sadly, no other cases exist at this time for the Galaxy Nexus extended battery, so it's this or nothing.  I chose to return it.",0
"I originally bought the clear version of this case for my new iPhone 4, and was happy...at first. After using the clear case for a few days, I ran into a few problems including: The buttons were almost impossible to press, especially when docked. The camera flash wouldn't work in the case due to glare. After a couple weeks, the case already looked yellow. I returned that case when I found out that a smoked version was being released.

The Belkin Grip Vue feels great in my hands. It doesn't feel slippery like a plastic case does, but still feels much more solid than a soft silicon skin. It still slides into my pocket easily, but won't slide around a solid surface. It's translucent so you can still see the nice design of the antennae and apple logo. The buttons, especially the power button, are a dream to press. It's almost as easy as if the case wasn't on. And most importantly to me, the flash now works properly. Since the color of the case is much darker, it doesn't show dirt as easily and won't turn yellow like the clear one will. $25 seems like a bargain to me for a name brand case like this. My wife has the purple one and she loves hers as well. I'm so glad that I was able to find a good compromise that doesn't hide the nice design of the iPhone, but wraps it in a sturdy blanket!",0
"This car mount fits great and is easy to mount and release the Otterbox clad iPhone 4S each time I get in and out of my vehicle. There is quite a bit of vibration and movement because of the length of the flexible steel rod this thing is mounted too, but a little ingenuity will take care of that problem. Also, you'll need to make sure that you have it stuck to the window securely, or your phone may take a tumble. I use this mount to turn the 4S into a dashcam using the Witness App and the hole in the front of the mount is more than large enough to make it work without modification, although the vibration tends to cause a lot of camera shake unless you find a way to make the mount more sturdy. I set the mount low enough to contact the dash which took away 90% of the shakiness. In my wife's car I use a long, narrow hair band wrapped around the rear view mirror and the support shaft of the mount.",0
"It doesn't work, neither my TF101 or my TF201 charge with this thing. It also caused a reboot on my TF201. Stay away from this thing. Personally I'll keep on searching for something that does work.",0
"Review Update:

Only after I wrote my initial review below, I realize I mistook the top protective layer as the screen protector. The actual screen protector is crystal clear and smooth to slide your fingers on. Now, I end up applying it to the back of my phone but I still like it. So far, no scratches observed. Since it's made of firm film, it's much easier to apply than a name brand product (comes with squeegee and solution) that claims to be military grade. The one caveate is to make sure you apply it in a dust-free area or as close to it as possible.

Original review:
>>it's pure junk. The protector is too thick and textured to see through legibly. I use it for the back, but still easily get scratched from finger nails. I would not recommend it to anything but my enemies.<<",0
"Genuine Samsung and very well made.

Comes with a power adapter that is hardwired but that's not a big deal, I have many detachable USB chargers already.

Just another reason why Android/Windows phones are better than iPhone, you can change the battery!",0
"If you've associated belkin with the worst products in existence I don't blame you. I've had some just terrible belkin accessories and swore them off. This product totally redeemed their name in a small way. So lets get started. You plug the power end into your cig port, you then plug your 3.5mm headphone jack into your Aux port (you need an auxiliary port otherwise this thing is useless). From there you pair this bad boy to your smart phone by holding the button down until it starts flashing red and it goes into pairing mode.

Once you've paired it to your compatible device you're good to go. Hit play and your music will start playing through your car stereo. You can answer calls with this thing too. It has a built in mic that has decent quality. Push the big button to pause your tunes, shut off your car, and go wherever you're going. You don't have to unplug this thing because it shuts off automatically after 10 minutes. I know this because I sat in my car for 10 minutes to make sure it would in fact shut off. The audio quality for music is the same as a direct cable into your radio. I can't tell the difference and I have pretty good hearing. I couldn't be happier.

So now that you've got it working here is your workflow.

1. Get in your car and start it
2. Hit the button on this thing, it will pair and immediately start playing where it left off
3. ???
4. Profit

This is an expensive little gizmo however it does exactly what it's supposed to do. Nothing more, nothing less. You may get a rats nest of wires if your aux port is in the front dash of your car but you want wireless music right? So either pay the big bucks and add bluetooth to your current radio or deal with a couple or wires and pay a fraction of the cost.",0
"I like the TPU material better than all other options available on the market because it strikes a good balance between flexibility/softness/grip and protection. Pretty easy to put on, fully encases my iPhone. The only negative aspect is that since the case covers the volume buttons, it can be hard to press these buttons when the case is in use. My solution was simple, cut some tape, overlap them to increase overall thickness, then cut out a tiny square of it (the size of each volume button) then stick it to the inside of the case where the button rest. The idea is to bridge the gap between the iPhone button and the case. It protects very well against drops, which has happened about 2-3 times. In fact, the drop was silent because the TPU material cushioned it so well from the fall. I believe this case is far superior to hard plastic, which can crack or snap off from the device, or a thin layer of silicone, which may not provide adequate protection. It even shields the device (not full protect of course) from the occasional splash of water (or bodily fluid), which is definitely good for a physician / healthcare personnel working in the hospital setting. Now if only I can find a antimicrobial version of this :D",0
"I bought the blue Nokia N8 from Nokia but it took me to Amazon. So basically, I bought it from Amazon.
Amazon said it would reach on Aug. 30 & it did so I'd say within 3-4 days from Lexington, KY. That was fast & accurate.
$290 for this phone is a good price, considering the features it has. Smart phone with battery saver on.. I might get 2 days of battery usage before I charge it. Old phones like Nokia 6010 that I have are much better with battery & reception. Battery, music player, camera are important things for me when I look to buy a phone.
This phone came out in 2010. I bought it the end of Aug. 2012 so I had to completely update the phone's software to Symbian Belle. I use t-mobile but they don't sell this phone although they told me that N8 has the highest trade compared to the other phones (I don't know what that means).
I don't have internet but my home wi-fi. The GPS works well but the phone becomes really hot when you use it. I installed battery monitor, Skype, Opera mobile onto the phone. It has a voice recorder which is a good app for those who like to sing & record her voice.
Overall, I like the phone. From Nokia E71 to this phone, I'm glad.",0
"I bought 2 as presents for my sibling over Christmas for their cell phones from ""Reliable Merchandise corp aka RMC Bargains"" but it didn't look like the one in the pictures (look the photos I' upload).  The one that I received didn't not have a built in USB port for for my sibling to hook the charging cable into.  They had to carry an extra cable in the box.  Another thing was that it didn't have an AC plug to charge the device.  The charger was unable to charge my sister's iPhone.  It did charge my brother's Samsung Infuse.

Pros: nice and small

Cons:  Bad Seller (going to give him a bad review).
  Didn't have a built in USB port & had to carry extra cable.",0
"The package arrived and one of the large black ink cartridges had exploded in the post, so already the value of the package was reduced.

I tried to install the second black ink cartridge and when I opened the cartridge black ink squirted our all over the carpet, my hands and my clothes.  The cost in cleaning alone is more than the cost of buying OEM cartridges.  Reading other reviews it seems that everyone that lives at altitude has this problem.

I then printed a page and did a side by side comparison with a black page I just printed 1 minute earlier with the last of the ink in the original OEM cartridge. The black in this cartridge does not print black but rather prints dark purple, OK for drafts but not for presentation or photo purposes.

2 stars since it did actually work once I cleaned up the mess.",0
"Very nice.  Beautiful cover and for the price, you can't beat it!  Its convenient, has storage for credit cards  Can just grab phone and go!",0
"For me, the device has worked almost exactly as advertised. I charge it, and I can use it to charge my iPhone. I can even charge it and my iPhone at the same time. Since everyone seems to be measuring their capacity experience, here's mine: If I fully charge the Satechi, I can get approximately two full charges on my iPhone 4 before I have to charge it again. By ""full charges,"" I mean I let my iPhone drop to between 10 and 20% power. After getting it back up to 100% (twice), I can only charge it once more to about 40-50%. Not as impressive as some people claim, but still a nice backup to have (I see some people say ""up to 4 times!"" -- maybe they are only charging it from 40 or 50% up to a full charge? Who knows.)

The one nag I have is the lights on the device. It seems to be extremely inconsistent in signifying how much power it has left. I can leave it plugged in for 24 hours and it almost never lights completely up. It has 5 little lights and in the 3 months I've had it, I think I've seen all 5 lights on maybe twice, and as soon as I unplug it from the charge, the indicator is back down to four lights. It's hard to tell if/when it is ever fully charged, so I just generally leave it plugged in overnight (6-8 hours) and assume it's fully charged in the morning. I'll use it to charge my phone a couple of times, and it still has three lights, so I feel confident it still has plenty of charge. Then I try to charge my phone again, and it dies right away. I have very little confidence in the indicator lights actually giving an accurate depiction of how much power the device has left, so I just have to make sure I keep a mental note of how much I've used it since I last charged it.

I'm seeing now that there are some reviews saying that people have called Satechi and are being told that the recommended method to charge it is to use a USB port. This is ridiculous and if this is the case, I would never have purchased this particular device (there are plenty of others to choose from). One of the main reasons I bought this is so that I could take it with me when I travel and I know I will always have power for my phone. You're saying I'm going to have to make sure I travel with my computer, too? I'm not always going to have a computer with me (gasp) when I travel -- isn't that part of the reason for iPhones and iPads, so people don't have to travel with a laptop? Plus, charging via USB is considerably slower than charging from a direct outlet (even their crappy documentation states this).

Pros:
o Construction quality is great - very well put together and ""feels"" expensive
o Provides me at least two ""full"" charges on my iPhone 4
o Carrying pouch so you can carry it and a cable or two around
o It doesn't have to be rigidly connected to my device in order to charge it (some devices connect directly to your phone to charge it, making using your phone a little cumbersome and inconvenient; with this, you use your original charging cable and have a lot more freedom)
o It will charge just about ANY device that is charged via USB (iPhone, iPad, BlackBerry, Droid, etc)

Cons:
o Capacity lights don't seem to reliably indicate how much charge remains on the device
o (arguable con) - if it's true that they prefer you use USB to charge this rather than a power outlet, that should be stated in the documentation; this would have been a dealbreaker for me",0
"The three pack of screen protectors arrived in the mail today, two days after I placed the order and a day earlier than Amazon's earliest estimate. Not only did they arrive early, but the three of them were individually packaged.

It took all of two minutes to install it using the very easy, four-step instructions. All you have to do is simply clean your phone using the included cloth, peel the protector backing, apply, and smooth out the bubbles. No complicated fuss. If you mess up the installation (as I did the first time), you can simply peel the protector back and reapply, not to mention that there are two more included.

On the downside, there is one pain in the tuckus that almost made me remove a star. The backing and the protector itself each have a little sticker tab on them to make it easier to separate the two. However, once the protector is installed, the sticker is ridiculously hard to get off the thing completely. This step took 3/4 of the total time.

After that, though, I have absolutely no complaints. The screen protector literally invisible once installed. It does make the phone touch capability a little more resistive, but the pressure required is still very slight.

I highly recommend the product for the $4 (with shipping) I paid for it. I plan on giving one to a friend of mine who has the same phone and keeping the other as a spare. Would order again.

UPDATE

I've now been using these for almost a year. I have to say, I'm very pleased with the results. I'm on my second one now, after replacing the first one due to scratches. All of the above still applies, still 1000% satisfied with the product.",0
This case fits well on the HTC One V. It  has helpful side grips and does not stick to clothing fabric.  Came in retail packaging as stated.  I am very satisfied.,0
"Pros:
1. They didn't stick me with yet another vehicle charger for my phone. I have roughly a dozen various chargers Motorola products in my house. I don't need more.

2. The phone holder portion of this thing is completely perfect. No joke. The Maxx fits like a glove, the bit that connects the charger is a snap and smooth as can be. Launches your car dock programs (I have a third part app that I prefer over the stock, but whatever you prefer, it launches it). Snaps out easily and both snap in and snap out are one-handed operations. It is, basically, perfect for the phone.

Neither pros nor cons:
1. Comes with an aux cable. I can rarely find one when I need one, but I also don't have an aux port in my car, so I'll probably lose this one promptly.

2. No, it will not work with your case. Of any kind. I don't use cases, so I don't care, but if you use a case, it won't fit.

Cons:
1. The arm. It's about four inches long and does not have any pivot points. So no matter where you mount it, it will be four inches away from the surface. This is completely unacceptable in my car. Mounting on the windshield puts it so far away from me that it's useless; mounting it on the dash makes it hover in my sightline. I can't put it on the left side of the steering wheel because a) I don't want to, and b) the charger doesn't reach that far. I had the Motorola dock for my Droid X previously, which was great because it had a pivot point in the arm in addition to the rotation of the plate that the phone hooked into. If this had that, it would be made of perfection. But it doesn't. So it's not.

2. Arguably a negative point, but the connection between the arm and the phone plate is a ball and socket, which is cool and all, but since I love the phone plate and hate the arm, the plate connection (socket) is compatible with absolutely no other mount in the history of time. So, I'm stuck with a phone plate that's made of magic and arm that can go suck an egg. I'm torn between scrapping the whole thing and getting a much more expensive third part mount that I might hate less but won't get in my way while driving.

If you sit up WAY HIGH in your car and don't need the bottom four inches of visibility above your dash, or if you windshield is such that mounting to your windshield will work, then go on, this thing is perfect for you. But for me, in my car, no dice. It's not as versatile as previous Motorola docks are, and I wish I'd known that before I bought it. Que sera.

Update 02/05/13: This is actually old news for me, but might be helpful for others. I was able to find an online store that sells custom car mounts. From them, I purchased a vent bracket that's made for my car, as well and a ball mount to attached to the vent bracket. End result is a base that sits at a reasonably height that I can use the phone plate from Motorola on, thus making my set up kind of perfect. Additionally, the top of the vent bracket is a great place for that bluetooth microphone that I don't want to have to run all the way up to the roof of my car.",0
It's a good solid case feel way better about my phone being protectedm. Only thing is make sure u get the matching battery bc if u don't u won't have the right backing for the case to fit around. This does not work without the right backing,0
"I have a Sprint Epic Galaxy 4, excellent phone and wanted to protect screen. I have had Sprint purchased screen covers, other misc. screen covers ordered from Amazon, this particular screen cover is the best. Yes, it is more expensive but well worth the cost. Following the instructions is critical, clean screen with solution and use solution while applying screen, works like a charm, no bubbles. No glare, heavy duty, highly recommend.",0
"A difficult choice for those looking for a cellular booster for their home is whether to purchase the zBoost YX545 Wireless Extenders or the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster. The zBoost is #1 on Amazon in the celluar signal booster category while the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster is #2.

We could not decide which one to purchase for our mountain cabin so we ended up ordering both units and put them to the test. For our mountain cabin, we get 2-3 bars outside and can make calls and get data connections. Because the cabin has a metal roof, 6"" walls and heavy insulation, we could not get any signal inside the cabin, so calls and data connections were impossible.

We installed the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster first. The yagi directional antenna was installed at the roof peak and the booster with inside antenna installed next to the TV in the living room. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:

iPhone next to inside antenna:
  4-5 bars (-70dBm)
  Speedtest: 190ms ping, .8 - 1.5 Mbps data transfer

iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:
  3 bars (-89dBm)
  Speedtest: 227ms ping, .8 - 1.4 Mbps data transfer

iPhone in bedroom 30 feet away:
  1 bar (-106dBm)
  Speedtest: No ping, no data transfer

We then tested the zBoost YX545 cellular booster. Like others who have reviewed this unit. The coax cable which comes with it is a joke, way too thin. So to make a fair test, we used the same coax cable which we used with the Wilson Electronics cellular booster. We installed the zBoost antenna to the existing coax in the same location at the peak of the roof, and the zBoost booster in the living room at the other end. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:

iPhone next to inside antenna:
  4-5 bars (-66dBm)
  Speedtest: 205ms ping, .8 - 1.13 Mbps data transfer

iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:
  4 bars (-73dBm)
  Speedtest: 230ms ping, .4 - .55 Mbps data transfer

iPhone in bedroom 30 feet away:
  1 bar (-106dBm)
  Speedtest: No ping, no data transfer

What we found is the coverage for both units is the same, one room. The number of coverage bars and dBm's were also the same, but for some reason the Wilson Electronics unit achieved higher data rates using Speedtest.

We ended up keeping the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster due to the higher data rate and better name brand but the zBoost YX545 would have been acceptable for our use as well. Neither unit provided whole house coverage which would have required spending a lot more money to achieve.",0
"This is my second phone case from Reiko. It is sturdy, And very protective of my phone.  This was for the Samsung brand and I needed extra protection just in case of that fatal drop.  So far I am very pleased. This product is much more complete than the Otterbox products and more than reasonable in price.  Don't let than price fool you this is The Best for your new phone.

I wish the company would make prettier colors for us girls.  There are so many beautiful skins, but this one defends the phone so it has one me over line, hook and sinker...I am still waiting on the pretty colours from Reiko, though.",0
"Good material, sturdy and well made. Personally, installation was a bit of a chore. The manual (and online installation videos) mentioned removing tab 2. When you remove tab 1, you pull off a perfectly clear layer, and what is left is a hazy opaque layer. This leaves you to believe there will be another layer to peel off, but there isn't. At first I thought they'd forgotten to put a 2nd tab on all of my sheets, but the last bit of the instructions does mention you may only have 1 layer. My first try had too many bubbles (sometimes you get tiny ones that just won't go away, no matter how hard you try). The 2nd attempt got a piece of lint or something that floated between the screen as I applied it. The 3rd time was near perfect. Don't try and line it up exactly on the edges...it will be off-center from the camera if you do that. You need to give it a little less than a 16th of an inch at the bottom and edge. My only concern is when you are getting rid of bubbles...since you don't have a 2nd layer to peel off after removing bubbles, it is possible to scratch the plastic if you push too hard and your fingernail or other object is touching the screen. But using force is how you get rid of the tiniest bubbles.",0
"I purchased this because the standard battery on the Droid3 just doesn't last long. On my first burn down on medium use, it lasted 1 day, 20 hours and at that point was at 20% battery left. Keep in mind I have max battery saver on, but almost 2 days off 1 charge on a smart phone!!! Even if I get half that time, I'd be happy with it. If you're tired of the battery dying fast on the droid 3, I highly recomend this extended battery, it's awesome. Keep in mind it's slightly thicker than the normal battery, and the only case I could find that fits it is the Motorola Droid 3 Shell Holster Combo with Kick Standoduct. I picked it up off amazon here too for less than half the cost compared to the verizon store. If you want a solid case, battery, and screen guards, pick up this battery, the above mentioned case, and the ""halo"" screen guards and you'll have one sturdy-long lasting phone!",0
"Got this in the other day and I am very pleased with it. I like how it has a clear slot for photo id's and an extra slot underneath the card slots for money. I am also very pleased with the way my iPhone fits into it. i feel as if it is going to protect it. All in all, this is a very useful item I would recommend it to a friend. I also like how I can just throw this into a small purse and have everything I need.",0
"Quality cable. Looks just like the one that came with my TF201 Prime. The only difference is that it is about 21 inches longer. I measured this one at a little over 80 inches (aprox. 202cm). The OEM cable is right at 59 inches. This cable appears to be of nearly identical quality and looks just like the photos. The ends are shiny just as the original. The cables coating is a little stiffer than the original which could be perceived as tougher. This makes it slightly less pliable than the original, and I do mean only slightly. Data sync and charging capabilities are identical to the Asus provided cable. Of course you will need your wall adapter to fully take advantage of the charging feature. The USB in my computer will charge with either cable via USB but it would probably take a full day to do so. Overall, I don't think you could be disappointed buying this cable over OEM. Save the money, gain the length, and you should be satisfied.",0
"I received the item quickly. It was easy to put on and I was able to rub the bubbles out. It looks good, clear and I am very satisified!",0
"Originally, I had no intention of purchasing this item.  However, it was listed as a free promotional item for buying one of the sellers batteries; so I added this to my cart too.  Most of my devices use the Micro B connection so it is really awesome to have that cable/connection built into the product.  The unit also has a regular USB charging port that will allow you to use any other type of cable you may desire to use.  The unit is solidly built and is not too bulky for those who may have the cigarette lighter in their car located near the steering wheel.  This unit provides the same amount of power/charge that my OEM chargers provided and charges my devices in about the same amount of time.  I'm so pleased with this charger, I'm thinking of getting one for my mother and father for the holiday's.",0
Could have been very nice but found case very difficult to close and seal. Small clasp pieces often fell out and was hard to reassemble. Lost one of small piece after clasp fell apart and it is now unusable. Returned.,0
"<div id=""video-block-RLEY8VJ627Y4D"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C16Of0oJQ8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/811QS6NEAdS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">Attached is a video to show you the clear and purple cases, how it fits, and some thoughts on the cases.

Here is my written review:

DESIGN
+ Flexible
+ Good solid material
+ Teethy textured grips on the sides of the case
+ Gel mold covers top right button
+ USB connection, audio input, all holes are appropriately sized.

FIT
+ Perfect fit
+ Easy to put on and take off

Overall, a great case that is flexible, fits well, and has a stylish design.",0
"This case fits my old Blackberry Bold quiet well. It will never fit an iPhone because the case is simply too small - you can insert an iPhone into it, but the magnetic lid will not close.

Overall the build quality is worth $4... rather mediocre materials and the stitching with threads sticking out here and there.
Ironically, my original Blackberry case fits an iPhone - I ended up using it, and having the ""Carbon"" case collect the dust along with an old Blackberry.",0
"Finally, a solution to the bubbles! I've tried many screen protectors of the years w/ my 3Gs, 4, and 4s, and it's almost impossible to eliminate all the bubbles. You usually wind up wasting one or two trying to get it right. After trying/returning many, this one is a perfect solution! You simply wipe your screen w/ the microfiber cloth, and apply-that's it. Yes, it's really that simple. Didn't align it properly the 1st time? No problem-take it off, re-wipe, and do it as many times as you need to. The beauty of this thing is it's re-usable! You can even rinse it w/ water(it says to let it air dry), then wipe your phone, and re-apply. Just remember it's not flexible like other screen protectors, you can't bend/crease it or you'll ruin it. Stop wasting your time looking at/trying other protectors. Is it a LITTLE more pricey? Yes. Remember though, it's re-usable and bubble free-SOOOO worth it...",0
"When you slide a SIM card into the cutter, it is loose so you have to be extra careful that it does not shift and get incorrectly cut.

The adapters are horrible because they are not flat.  There are indentations that get caught when you slide in the SIM card into the phone. I had to pull one out with much force which messed up the contacts so my cell phone stopped reading the SIM card. The cell phone is now useless...

Stay away from this product!!!",0
"This is the first day using the battery. I must say so far I'm very please with how long the battery lasted. I got 13hrs out of this battery today, and I'm still at 22% left. This was with I would call under my normal use. Where I work I don't always have a signal, so for this battery to last as long as it did, that is pretty good for me. Now that I'm home while writing this review, I'm sure the battery should last well pass 15hrs or more. Here at home I can connect to my wifi and I have full signal bars.

Day two with this battery. I thought it would be a fair shake if I came back the following day and gave an update. Because today I was in an area where I could use the 4G on the phone for most of the day. I like using time lines so I'll go with that.
8:30am took battery off of my wall charger and placed it into my HTC EVO 4G.
11:30am plugged phone into car charger while driving from Downtown L.A. to Burbank 30mins tops. Unplugged at 12pm.
2pm had to reboot phone cause my blue tooth had trouble connecting to my headset.
3pm to 3:30pm watched android video for 24mins (Batman) if you wanted to know.
And for most of the day I listened to music on the phone via blue tooth headsets, and with 4G turned on.
And for me this is a lot of usage and I think a good test for the battery.
Its now just about 7pm  and the battery is sitting at 35%. Oh yea and the back cover fix completely and tight on the back of the phone. So good it's hard to take back off.
That's all I have and once again I'm very pleased with the battery. It's a good buy for your HTC EVO 4G phone.",0
"Just got this in the mail and I was disappointed.

Postives:

1. It seems well made and all the openings are in the right places.

2. It helps grip the phone better.  The Motorola Attrix is so slippery that you have to have a case to avoid dropping it.

3. It was only ten bucks.

Negatives:

1. The case is very bulky.  The silicon skin has little waffles on the inside and texture on the outside; which makes it twice as thick as regular silicon skin cases.  The end result is it makes the phone almost a 1/4-inch thicker, wider and longer.  So much for the thin form factor.  It's so thick that it feels like I have 2 phones in my pocket now.  The waffles probably will protect the phone a little more than a standard silicon case.

2. The silicon skin is just like any other.  Has a greasy feel and is a lint magnet.  After a day of use, the black case is now gray and cover with pocket lint.

3. Just like other silicon cases, it pulls the pocket liner out of your pants when you reach in to get your phone.  The huge size of this thing makes this problem worse.

Unfortunately, there are only 3 cases available on Amazon.com for the Motorola Attrix right now so I'm stuck with this until better ones become available.

April 2011 Follow-up (downgraded to 1 star.  Would select 0 star if that was an option):

Used this case for over a month now.  It has degraded.  The rubber or silicon body has softened and stretched.  It is so loose that the phone will slip out of the case if you grip it wrong.  The finger print scanner seldom works anymore because when I swipe my fingers, the ""stretched"" case will shift and partially cover the lens so it doesn't read my fingerprint.  I finally gave up and brought another case (High Gloss Black Flexible TPU Case for Motorola Atrix 4G); which was under $5 (including shipping!) and fit very nicely.  The TPU case is much thinner and looks great.  This Otterbox case is now garbage since the seller won't take it back.  Last time I ever buy an Otterbox case again.  Junk.",0
The product was delivered on time and is a great purchase. The quality of the item is strong and I would recommend it to others.,0
"I got it pretty quick. I LOVE IT. It's really cute. When i first got it, there was this smell (its not that bad) stuck with the case. But it's really nice and cute. It's a little lose, but the case won't come out (: Recommend!",0
"Knowing it come with half charge, I went ahead to charge it. After draining full charge, It won't charge anymore. I don't recommend this product and there are better alternatives.",0
"The device works well but it is necessary to activate it thru Verizon to be able to manage the cell phone numbers it works with. When I called Verizon I was told that it was activated to another customer. Most likely the seller sent me a device which someone else had returned. I am gong to have to return it and purchase another.

Other than for this problem, the device does appear to work well, providing a much stronger cell signal in my home.

Update: Amazon did email a return label with free shipping. I subsequently found that this is not the same device currently being sold by Verizon. Both being an older model (which doesn't handle 3G) and being a returned item explain why this is less expensive than buying thru Verizon.

If you don't need to improve your 3G signal and you don't have any other houses near you, this would be a good buy. However if you have neighbors you run the risk the risk that you won't be able to use the stronger signal if a few neighbors are using their cell phones. Registration thru Verizon is necessary in order to ensure that the phone numbers you choose will have priority.",0
"I ordered this bumper about a month ago and they shipped it from Hong Kong via postal service and it took 3 weeks to arrive....

As for this bumper, it is quite good. I have owned several different types of iPhone bumpers (for iPhone 2G, 3GS, 4) and I have found these type of edge bumpers to be the best and often the cheapest.

Pros:
1)Smallest form factor.
2)Protects all sides of the iPhone 4, including the front and back glass. You would be amazed how well your iPhone would be protected by this bumper. The only type of drop it doesn't protect are the direct protruding impact on the glass. In other words, if you drop the phone on flat surfaces, your iPhone 4 should do fine with this bumper.
3)Allows most non-Apple cables to plug into the bottom of your iPhone 4.
4)Increases the wireless signal by about a half bar or so.

Cons:
1)The color of this device is not quite as blue as the ones in the picture. I suspect that would be the same for all the colors? (I don't know). Mine came in light sky-blue and wasn't as bluish as the ones in the picture.
2)The shipping time was very unsatisifactory. Please check with the vendor about the shipping time before purchasing.",0
"I've read some of the other reviews, and just want to point out that this works perfect with my ""Plus"", whether it's plugged into the wall adaptor, or a USB port on my computer.  Regarding the USB port on your computer, it needs to provide at least 500mA of current (2000mA is better), some older machines have USB ports that don't provide that much.  You can try to adjust the hardware settings in Windows or Linux, but some older machines simply won't do it.

I understand that it needs to be modified for the Tab 7 ""2"", but one of the other reviewers explained in detail how to do that, it looks simple.  I also understand that it will not work at all with the original Tab 7 ... it has to be a ""Plus"" or a ""2"".

Works great with my ""Plus"", and I'm quite happy with it.

By the way, it's designed to hold the tablet in portrait mode, but you can also tip the whole affair over on it's side, and while the tablet is still plugged in to the normal location, it will hold it up on it's side, for landscape viewing ... not perfect, but it works.

Addendum:  6 months later, still working great, so since the price has dropped, I just got a second one for the office.",0
You would think this was an Otter Box. The case is excellent and the Red and Blue colors are beautiful the only flaw is the charge port cover and ear peice plug cover are loose fitting. I'm glad I got this case both for the excellent protection if dropped and the price is excellent.,0
"Was under the (mistaken) impression that this unit charged the phone and the spare battery at the same time, but the cradle part is nothing more than a stand - no connection.  And since getting the back off the Note II is a project, I don't see doing any regular swapping.",0
"What? It is a locked phone! Why you say it is an unlocked phone? Although it is a good cell phone, I want to return back.",0
Not much to say about this besides the following:  I got this in neon pink and this beautiful blue color and use them as travel chargers.  I keep the blue set in my car and the pink set in my bag/purse.  They are adorable and function just as good as the apple products do - Except they are snazzier up with a pop of color!,0
"I found it was a little snug when I tried to fit my phone 4 with case.  Maybe the extra insertion force was a little too much for it but it broke at the base of the neck after about 6 months.  I really like the design.  Wish I was metal.

Edit--  Just broke my second one after 6 month or so.",0
"I was so hesitant to purchase this bluetooth.  The price was extremely reasonable, it is the perfect size, good looking, and was getting good reviews.  Something had to be wrong!

It arrived, I turned it on, and it instantly linked to my Droid Incredible.
I made my first call while in my car, and crossed my fingers.  My friend told me he had no idea I was on a bluetooth.  It was crystal clear!  I really was shocked, since my $150.00 Jawbone kept falling out of my ear, but it didn't make that much of a difference, since NO ONE could really hear me anyway.

I've had this little guy now for 2 months.  I dare say, it is the best bluetooth I've had since my Ant was flushed by my 2 year old son. (""Uh oh."")

It fits great in my ear, I barely know it's there, and it stays snug.  The battery is great, I can hear them, they can hear me, and it has a great range.  What else.  Well, it doesn't make waffles, but we're working on it.

Great purchase!",0
"I haven't written reviews in months - maybe years, but this case is SO AWESOME that I had to come write one. I purchased this in blue/purple lightning. I have had sooooooo many cases prior to this. You name it, Speck, iFrogz, Kiosks in the mall cases, Kate Spade, Carbon Fiber, etc..  This case is the best one I've ever had.

FIT: The fit is just perfect - it is SO snug and thin, yet easy to put on and off, but yet it doesn't fall off or slip off and it feels protective.  How they accomplished that I have no idea.  None of the buttons are crippled because of the case, and all of my plugs fit into the phone perfect.  The camera isn't affected.  The feel is perfect - soft yet sturdy.

STYLING: I am not a plane Jane type of girl, so the boldness of the blue/purple lightning is perfect for me.  I was wondering if it would be a little loud or if I would get sick of it but I honestly can't see that happening. If you are worried about the boldness the other colors don't seem too loud.  I have a black phone and there is still some transparency to the case.

PROTECTION:  Amazingly the material is squishy enough, yet not squishy (if that makes any sense) to the point where there's a slight bounce to it if it were to fall.  You would think that would make it look cheap though, but it doesn't.  The case is raised just enough in the front where if you drop it on it's face it would have protection, yet it's not that type of case that has a big ridge around the front.

FEEL:  I love the way it feels.  It's soft like when Speck first came out with the soft feel, yet hard enough to stay sturdy.

The seams are quality.  EVERYTHING about this case is well designed.  Thumbs up to Belkin.  I highly recommend and I hope you like it.",0
"My wife put this on her wish list for Christmas as she likes to run all the time and wanted a water proof case for when it's raining.  I don't think this is exactly what she had in mind (as I'm not sure what she was thinking, because what case would be 100% water proof, yet still allow for head phone jack to be used while running?), but I think it would work for the most part.  The case itself is made of a durable thick plastic that is molded together into one seam running around on three sides.  There is no easy access to your power or volume buttons, though if you push really hard, you can utilize them. It's a little cumbersome, but I don't think this was intended to be a case where you are fully utilizing your phone, rather it's more to keep it safe from water damage while you're out extreme sporting.  The front is a clear plastic and it does allow for easy use of the touch screen, though in my test, I kept my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Acase-Superleggera-PRO-Dual-Layer-Protection-Case-AT-T-Sprint-T-Mobile-and-Verizon-Samsung-Galaxy-S3-Blue-Black/dp/B008DKCW8W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Acase Superleggera PRO Dual Layer Protection Case AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and Verizon Samsung Galaxy S3 - Blue/Black</a>&nbsp;case on, and it was really hard to slide into and back out of the case, and it was also hard to access the touch screen because my case is raised about 1/8"" from the screen.  If using a smaller case, or no case at all, you'll have no problems accessing the screen through the plastic.  Additionally, there is a window on the back for what I assume is to allow you to use your camera while it's in the case.  The top appears to seal very well, though the two ""knobs"" or ""dials"" that you turn to open are REALLY hard (at least harder than I'd expect with something like this).  There are arrows and letters on the top  'C ->' 'O <-' on the left side and 'O->' 'C <-' on the right side, indicating which way to turn the knob/dials to open and close the case.  Turn both dials outwards and the top opens, slide your phone in (sans case if you want an easy fit), and then turn both dials inwards and the top seals shut tight.  I didn't submerge my phone inside this case, as I wasn't sure exactly how ""water proof"" it was, though I did end up folding up a paper towel and putting it inside the case, then fully submerging it under water for 60 seconds.  The paper towel was dry upon opening the case, however, a few drops did remain around the top, which did drip inside the case.  If you take care to dry the case thoroughly before opening it, I believe the inside would remain 100% dry.  Overall, I don't think this is a bad case if you're looking for the water proof attributes, but this isn't something I'd recommend for biking/running, as you'll more than likely want to use your head phones, and there is no easy way to use the headphones with this case, unless you leave the top open, thus eliminating the water proofing abilities.",0
"I have the commuter and the defender. I like the commuter better. The defender is like a eod suit for your phone(too much for my everyday use, but provides unbeatable protection). This one slips in and out of my pocket easier, since the hard case is on the outside. I love both cases, but I choose this one.",0
"FINAL UPDATE: Thought I should give this an update since I still think this phone was the best for being a phone and texting plus long life battery.  Unfortunately, I have 4 kids and THEY have smart phones which many times send characters and things that do not translate well on non-smart phones so I had to upgrade to the Samsung S5 (for $1 here on Amazon)&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Samsung-Galaxy-S5-Black-16GB-Verizon-Wireless/dp/B00IZ1XVAC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Samsung Galaxy S5, Black 16GB (Verizon Wireless)</a>&nbsp;which is a great phone but I had to spend a bit of money on extended battery/extra battery/apps/etc to make it as useful as this Alias as far as battery life.  So IF you don't have some pressing need for a smart phone this is still the best thing going and I used one for over 5 years and in many ways still miss it.
--------------------------------------------

Well I have had an Alias 2 for over 2 years now and I love it, best phone I ever had.  just so you understand I use my phone mainly as a PHONE, I do a lot of txting and it is great for that.  The menus are all clear and it won't pocket dial people.  I would like to point out that some of the early models had a problem with Bluetooth which was resolved with a software fix.  I am looking around to buy an extra for when mine dies since Verizon does not carry them any longer on their website.  The key board is great and I have not found anything that I like better for carrying in my front jeans pocket and I can set it to vibrate AND play any mp3 I wish as a ringtone.  Whats not to like??

UPDATE:  Well here I am in Jan 2013 and still have this same phone, still like it and fight the urge to move on to a ""smart"" phone.  Unless you really want a smart phone that will be lucky to get through a 24 hour period without being recharged this is still the best phone.  I have the extended battery and I can go for 3-5 days without a recharge and the coverage is excellent.  Anything I get to replace it in the future will be a step down as an actual phone (which is why we got these things wasn't it?).

UPDATE:  It is Oct 2013 and my phone of 4 years was going strong but I dropped it just right to break the front screen (it was still working but looked bad) so I used a Alias 2 backup I had and took it to the Verizon store and got it cloned then bought a factory refurbished Alias 2 (to replace the backup) from one of the vendors on this page for $42, looks new but until they make a smart phone with a physical QWERTY keyboard and a battery that lasts for 3-6 days, I am keeping this phone.  Still better than anything out there IMHO since I have a PC, iPad, laptop I can use to access the Net, I really don't need it on my phone.

NOTE:  IF you really want to love this phone, get this with it and you will hate to ever use anything else :)&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/OEM-Samsung-U750-Alias-2-Extended-Battery-Grey-Door-SCH-U750-Alias-2/dp/B002SL1TSQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">OEM Samsung U750 Alias 2 Extended Battery & Grey Door SCH-U750 Alias 2</a>",0
"Received the item promptly. Kudos to Global Mobiles and Amazon delivery service. Great phone, great camera, GPS is very very fast. Phone speakers are not so great in comparison with iphone 4. But a great device nevertheless. Those who need everything in one small device (for what it can do), go ahead and grab one.",0
"I was looking for a night stand for my Samsung Mesmerize (US Cellular version of the Galaxy S) that would work with it in a case. The desk stand that Samsung sells is perhaps a bit ""neater"" in appearance, but I heard it doesn't work with the phone encased.

This one works great as far as I'm concerned, it seems to be an authentic Samsung product (arrived in original packaging) and has the added bonus of getting you a second battery!

Extra bonus - it included another wall charger. The charger that came with my phone was a wall USB power adapter and a data cord, which was fine. But now I also have a dedicated microUSB AC adapter, so I can take my USB power adapter and other cord to work and also bring my iPod cable to charge up multiple devices there; this saved me another purchase as I was planning to buy a USB adapter for this as well! (Some people have mentioned getting a branched power cord with this that could charge both the extra battery and the phone at the same time, I did not get this with mine but I'm ok with that.)

Some of the other reviews were from people that could not get the new battery to work - I would advise you to check your Samsung battery to ensure that it is a match. I guess there are a couple of different models of battery in use by the variety of Galaxy S phone types out there. If you have a Mesmerize like me I assume it should work fine like mine. I can't tell the difference between the new battery and the stock one, they both have equally good charge (of course I just got the phone as well so they are both pretty new batteries).

All told, this was a great purchase for me from this seller. Unfortunately, I've noticed that Amazon has a tendency to switch out the ""active"" seller on these main product pages so you may be buying from a different place unless you click their link to see the listing of all sellers. My seller was HollyCell and they were great.",0
"I recently sent this unit flying into a brick wall, so im in the market again thats why im here now. The Clipper should be known as the chopper the unit does not seem to be able to hold on to a solid signal.  When you walk it cuts out, if you run it cuts out, sometimes if your just standing still it cuts outs.  went back to my corded headphones it was a good try but fails in the end.",0
"For $29 including $5 in calls, what a DEAL!  Worked great in Israel for 12 days.  Love the GPS Internet Journal you can use to track your trip and share pictures and messages with folks back home.  Went on another trip to Mexico hoping it might work (eventho' info indicated it wouldn't and it it didn't!).",0
"it takes two hands, light, and a lot of coordination to dock my phone. I also feel like I'm scratching it to bits when I dock it. I actually only used it for a couple nights before my tired self gave up and kept plugging the cord in directly. That's bad design if you ask me. 2 stars cos it technically does what it promises. I also found it annoying that it didn't go into dock mode when docked I enjoyed the clock that the droid would turn into).",0
I expected to end up with some cheap product which I would have to return. But it far exceeded my expectations and was high quality and a Perfect fit. I strongly recommend it for anyone who has the HD2 who wants the added protection and having a good looking leather case to cart their awesome phone in.,0
"I was hoping this would work. It didn't, and on top of that it smelled quite strong and bad (very rubbery). It doesn't elevate the laptop nearly enough to allow the laptop's own fan to work. The black rubber pads you see in the picture also became unglued from the silver plastic bottom, and would slide around...horrible. I got this instead:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Cool-Lift-Portable-Notebook-Cooling-Pad/dp/B00028VKLI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Cool Lift Portable Notebook Cooling Pad</a>. Cheaper, and it works.",0
"I purchased this item, because the case from Poetic that I used with both Transformer Primes (TF201 and TF700), were outstanding for protection. This case, however, has been problematic. To begin with, it doesn't hold the phone tightly unless you bend the corners to fit. To add to the frustration, the cover rubs it's coating against the screen, which isn't that much of a big deal when the screen is on, but when it's off, you have a vertical line going up the right hand side of the screen. The cover does NOT have an indentation to keep the screen from being turned on by the case pressing the home button while closed. Last, and this one's the biggie, I had the phone drop a whole 1.5 feet to the ground. It popped out of the case and bounced on it's edges, then slid face first across the concrete, with the battery cover off and the battery scraped up as well. This case is only good for pockets, and that's only after modifying the case to NOT press on the home button. I would have returned it, but since I cut out a notch where it wouldn't press the home button, that's no longer an option. If you just want a case to protect the screen while sitting on a desk, or in a shirt pocket, I would recommend it. For anything other than VERY GENTLE usage habits, this is not the case to get.",0
"I can't understand how they can sell these brand-new, factory sealed micro sim cards for Simple Mobile for less than a dollar, including postage?  For the price, I had to test it out and sure enough, about 2-3 days after I ordered, my new factory sealed micro sim card arrived.  Haven't activated it yet, as I still have a full month paid up on my current phone, but I'm sure this will work just fine in my T-Mobile Android phone.  My card was not ""cut"" from a full sized sim card, as others have stated.  Mine is an original micro sim card.",0
This product has complicated installation. Like a decal you mush wet both sides of the cover with a solution that is added in the packaging. This requires you to leave your phone powered off for about 24 hour wich I find inconvenient. During installation the screen protector was already showing signs of scratching and scuffing. According to the directions these may disappear after a couple days. Personally I just find the risk of water with electronics combined with the wait time to check your results kind of a let down.,0
"Works great for SGT2 7.0.  Great price and works flawlessly for me.  Shipping was decent, it even had samsung stamped on the connector which made it look official.  Whether it is or not I could not tell the difference, and neither could my SGT@ 7.0. Over all I am extremely happy with my purchase.",0
"I was looking for a case for a while and this is the first one I found that wasn't bulky and was made of silicon instead of plastic. It fits perfectly on my S3 and I have a 4200 Hyperion extended battery and cover.

The case fits snugly and wraps around the front a couple millimeters so it protects the screen if dropped (did this by accident, and phone fell from my lap flat on the screen and there was no damage). Just this justifies the 5 star rating. But the case is also perfectly cut out for the camera, flash and speaker in the back and the headphone jack and mic on the to and USB and microphone on the bottom. The case does not have a cutout for volume or power, but the case does not get in the way. the buttons are more pronounced than on the phone itself and this makes it very easy to access and feel for them when not looking (I bike to work so feeling the buttons with my glove is vital).

Basically this is a great case ive had for a couple weeks and im very happy with it and would really recommend it to anyone. I've dropped the phone a couple times and the case has done its job.",0
"There isn't much else I can add to the many 5-star reviews here - but I do want to mention a couple of things.  First of all, mine is clearlly a 9020T, marked that way both on the package and under the battery cover.  As several other reviewers have mentioned, make sure that you order yours from Amazon LLC and not one of their other suppliers if you want to ensure you get a 9020T.  The display is absolutely beautiful and the phone feels more solid than I thought it would.  That said, I'm not thrilled with the pop-off battery cover - it seems fairly strong and I have to assume both Samsung and Google tested it.  Replacement covers are plentiful and reasonable on *-bay so I'm going to order a replacement just in case.  I'm also surprised and happy with how Samsung implemented the SIM card slot - I recently damaged another phone by using a micro-sim card adaptor.  The Nexus S is well designed in this regard and you don't have to worry about swapping out SIM cards.  Overall, I am 100% pleased with this phone so far and highly recommend it.

********************* Edited on 4 AUG 2011 to add update ***************************

No doubt about it - this is a wonderful phone - but I do want to add a couple of caveats.  First, at least with mine, it appears that I cannot charge the battery to 100% - it stops at 97%.  And, the battery life is pretty good but I do not think it will hold up for almost three days like the Nexus One.  Second, and I admit this is kinda minor - there aren't many highly-rated cases for it - and Otterbox does not yet make a case.  Still - with the incredible display and how fast it runs - it is the best phone I own and I'm thinking about getting a second one to use with my 3GS contract chip.",0
I  bought this 6 foot cord in Order to get more than the pathetic 3 foot tether that came with my iPad 2.  However this was not made to apple standards and the prong that goes into the iPad to charge it either didn't fit properly or was loose because it did not charge the iPad. Of course I was traveling so I had to go to the Apple store and pay over $30 for another 3ft adapter.  Boooooooooooo,0
"This Cover works well, it is raised above the camera lenses just enough. It really fits just right and keeps all the buttons open. I have even found it easier to find volume and lock/power buttons ""by feel"" with this on compared to when it has no cover. The only issues I have with it, it is rather hard to remove this cover. This is still no reason to bump it from 5 to 4 stars.",0
"When I received it one piece was missing (the suction for the windshield). The part is made for a car with an outlet at dash board level. Our car, and many of the newer models, have outlets placed near the floor or squeezed in at an angle or other awkward position; which makes it impossible to mount or would put the phone at the floor of the car or some other inaccessible place. I returned it to Amazon and will continue looking for one that will work better for me.",0
"it's cheap and does the job. I suggest this product for nature enthusiasts, The lens is exactly like you would expect for iPhone photography.",0
"First, let me start by saying that I tend to only buy Seidio cases for phones and usually recommend them regardless of the phone.  That said, I think they did a good job this, but not great.  I had a surface combo for a Blackberry (which was the phone I had before the G-Nex), and it was great. It definitely makes the phone feel a bit bigger, but that is because now there is a case on it.

Something that could improve with more usage is I feel as if it gets ""stuck"" when trying to the phone back in the holster. If you try to put the phone in the holster and then slide it down to the bottom before clipping in, it doesn't slide as smoothly as I expected, but it's not like it doesn't slide period. Just seems like it could be better.

Overall, I like the design and think it's a very solid one. I don't have any other the problems the other review talks about.",0
"This phone carrying case has an elegant finish, good materials and safe belt clip. Perfect size for my Sony Xperia phone.",0
"I purchased it on friday it arrived on tuesday, it was brand new still in the box. I love love this phone only thing I wish it had flash on the camera,it still takes great pics. but other than that I have no complaints.",0
"Usually these screen protectors are very good, but the one I got today turned out to be very bad.  It made the s-pen jump all over the place and then seem like it was stuck to the screen.  It did this to my finger as well.  I messaged the company because I have never had this issue with any of their products in the past and they are sending me a replacement.  It isn't the same one... but the oleophobic one.  We will see how much better/worse that one does.",0
"I ordered mine for HTC EVO. The quality was better than I expected. Most of the silicone covers have a wide opening in the back for flash, camera & speaker. But the one I got, has 3 small individual opening for each of the 3 above, adds more protection. It does not smell like some other silicon skins that I have seen. Just be careful which amazon seller you buy it from.",0
"Nothing much to say other than...

1. It works as claimed.  Charge and sync capable - tested with several Android devices: Droid Charge, HTV EVO, Droid X, etc.

2. It's lightweight. Retractable thing is handy.

3. It held together still after 6 months of use. However, I am pretty careful extending and retracting.

The Amzer logo label fell off, but it doesn't bother me.",0
"This case is very nice especially for the $6 I paid for it.  It is stretchy enough to fit my Razr with a rubber sleeve around it.  The magnet that holds it closed could be a bit stronger.  The belt clip is very firm, holding the case on my belt well.",0
"Even with shipping that's more than the cost of the case my total cost was about $5, so it's hard to complain about this case based on price. I got the clear one but wish it was completely clear -- with no diamond shapes on it. It would be great if they had one option that purely let the beauty of the device shine through.

The case fits well and the ports are all accessible. The plastic around the headphone jack is rather close to that port, so I do wonder if some headphones might not fit correctly. However for the two headphones that I use I found no issue there. The lightning connector fit with no problem and buttons like volume up/down are easily pressed through the plastic.

There might be an issue if you want to use the wrist strap -- I don't use it so I don't know for certain how that would affect things. However the wrist strap ""button"" is accessible so it might not be a problem.

The case is flexible and somewhat rubbery. It has a nice tactile feel and definitely fixes the problem of feeling like you're going to let the iPod Touch slip out of your hands with there's no case on it.

Overall a nice case that should protect the iPod Touch 5 rather well.",0
"Pretty case,but very low quality....after 2 weeks looks like garbage...
if i read some review before i ordered it,i didn't buy it for 15$......
very very low quality......",0
"I Purchased this kit to check my iPhone 5 for water damage, and figured it was a good set of tools to have around.

The drivers themselves are nice, but what made me upset is the cheap included suction cup.  It doesn't work very well.  even after removing my screen protector, it was EXTREMELY difficult to remove the screen on my iPhone 5 - I still needed to use the included black stick to pry the unibody metal case of the iPhone away from the display assembly.

It took about 20-30 minutes for something that should take 5-10 minutes.

This is something that would have been more easily accomplished if one of those blue prying tools was included as well.

I used to work for Apple retail in a position that worked with disassembling iPhones for screen repairs.",0
"I purchased this card at $10 less than retail for 400 minutes and 1 year of service on our new Tracfone.  The phone is a Double-Minute phone, so the 400 minutes turned into 800 minutes after I entered the code, at no extra cost.  For 1 year, that is about $7 per month, at an average of 67 minutes of talk time per month.  Of course this is 800 minutes for the whole year.  Depends on how much you talk.

* Tip:  Amazon has been out of stock on the LG flip phone, that was listed around $20.  So we bought it at our local Wal-Mart for only $15, that included the accessories package of travel charger, case, and ear phones.  And the phone is double minutes!  Good deal if you only use the phone when necessary (not for phone gabbers).",0
I travel and use my Blackberry as an alarm clock. This charger is very handy and allows my phone to sit upright which puts it in to clock mode. (A very neat feature.) This allows me to see the time in the middle of the night or when the alarm goes off. No more trying to locate the phone in an unfamiliar darkened room.,0
"This is a prefect fit for the Galaxy Note and it is not too tight either. I can remove my phone from the holster with no isues at all. I believe that as long as you do not have a bulky snap-on case for your NOTE, this is fine. I ordered a Cismo slim snap-on case. I will update my review once I received my slim case to see if it will still fit in the holster(Belt clip carrying case).
I like the way the belt clip is designed. You do not need to take your belt off to put this in not unlike the other model. It has a clip plus another loop for security.

***UPDATE*** May 23, 2012
I got the Cimo case but somehow it is very tight and I have a hard time getting it out of the leather case. Even though that the Cimo is shiny, it has a rubbery feel to it and I think that is why it sticks inside the leather case. I just ended up taking the Cimo out every time I had to use this case.",0
"I purchased a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/iOttie-Windshield-Dashboard-Car-Mount-Holder-for-iPhone-4S-4-3GS-Samsung-Galaxy-S3-S2-Epic-Touch-4G-HTC-One-X-EVO-4G-Rhyme-DROID-RAZR-BIONIC-INCREDIBLE-2-CHARGE-Google-BlackBerry-Torch-LG-Revolution-GPS-Compact-Size-360-degree-Rotatable/dp/B00687N0GK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">iOttie Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Holder for iPhone 4S 4 3GS Samsung Galaxy S3 S2 Epic Touch 4G HTC One X EVO 4G Rhyme DROID RAZR BIONIC INCREDIBLE 2 CHARGE Google BlackBerry Torch LG Revolution GPS Compact Size 360 degree Rotatable</a>&nbsp;and found it difficult to locate a good mounting spot in my minivan. So I purchased this cup holder mount.

It does what it says it will. It offers a solid top surface for sticking my car mount. It opens up to fit inside a cup holder.

My cup holders are not perfect for it though. The cup holders in my minivan have rubberized grips that are designed to secure almost any size cup, small to large. But they don't allow this cup holder to be tightly fitted inside. The rubber grips have to allow for removal of cups so in that same sense, they allow for this (no matter how large I make it) to also slip up and down a little.

So, although it does exactly what it is intended to do, be aware of the limitations of your own cupholders.

UPDATE: I've since begun using the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/iOttie-One-Touch-Windshield-Dashboard-Car-Mount-Holder-for-iPhone-4S-4-3GS-Samsung-Galaxy-S3-S2-Epic-Touch-4G-HTC-OneX-EVO-4G-Rhyme-DROID-RAZR-BIONIC-INCREDIBLE-2-CHARGE-Google-Nexus-BlackBerry-Torch-LG-Revolution-GPS-Compact-Size-360-degree-Rotatable/dp/B007FHX9OK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">iOttie One-Touch Windshield Dashboard Car Mount Holder for iPhone 4S 4 3GS Samsung Galaxy S3 S2 Epic Touch 4G HTC OneX EVO 4G Rhyme DROID RAZR BIONIC INCREDIBLE 2 CHARGE Google Nexus BlackBerry Torch LG Revolution GPS Compact Size 360 degree Rotatable</a>&nbsp;and between this cup holder and the new phone mount, I'm really pleased.",0
"Having never tried an Armorsuit screen protector, I went in to it with optimism. I liked the application via moisture, as it's a much easier install than others that have to be basically applied perfect the first time. There's margin for error on the Armorsuit protectors.

Problem is, I am not a fan of this style of protector. Previously, the units I had used were always rather hard, and felt like glass. Consequently, using the material felt like I had no protector on it at all.

With the Armorsuit, it's made out of a rubbery material, and it feels and looks like it. Sure, the material is clear, so there's no optical problems for use. It's just annoying that it has a bit of a drag feel to it during use, and I can see ripples in the material. It doesn't have as bad an orange peel look as, say, a Zagg protector, but it is there, and it is notable.

But sadly, there aren't any good protectors out on the market yet. So for now, the Armorsuit will have to do.",0
"Want to start saying i bought the version for the iPhone 4 by mistake and now I'm basically comparing both base on how it fits the phone, the material use to build this cases and the protection that it offer.

1- This case have a much more thicker layer of silicon, the last version of it was less tick and more soft to the touch this one is a bit hard which in my opinion protects better the phone and gives you more grip.
2- The plastic layer looks a bit off compare to the older version even tho its not noticeable if you don't have both cases the older version was build more precisely.
3- I'll upload some picture where will see that the silicon doesn't sealed perfectly on two of the edges but is nothing that will let dust go inside the case in the other hands the rest of the silicon fits more firm on the rest of the case.
4- If you think there is not really a different between the old version and this one i should say i see my light sensor working more often than it used to before thank to the open design with this new version.
5- The vibration switch is now more accessible and the camera and the led is open more which will never give you any problem related to picture quality but its deep enough not to hit when it fall.
6- The protection is incomparable like all otterbox product i tested in lots of surface at max 7 foot high and either the phone or the case suffer any damage or scratch.
7- About the seller shipped me this item in 3 days and one night when it was a 5-8 days ship method very good I'm very happy, also they didn't left the box at my door like some other shipping companies do.

conclusion
I feel better with this case because it feels more safe thanks to the ticker silicon, it also is design for the new 4s which let you switch better the vibration/silence switch also have an open design for the front facing camera and the light sensor making them work properly the same with the rear camera and the led flash, and what makes this deal better is the seller with very fast shipping good shipping company and excellent price.",0
"This is an expensive mount! I will not lie sort of regret getting it because it just barely fits my galaxy nexus with case in the full open position. If my phone were a little smaller I would not have any complaints. The overall look and appearance of this mount is top notch. Usually universal holders like this are bulky and ugly. This one is compact without sacrificing build quality. It would not be my first choice again, if I get a phone in the same size class at galaxy nexus (4.65"" screen)",0
"The touchscreen on my Samsung Impression A877 stopped working. It was either the digitizer or the flex cable, so I decided to try the flex cable since it was cheaper. As it turned out, it fixed my problems. Seller was great!",0
Hey people! I mean u people with ANY complaints. Guess what? This is a $100 phone. It acts like a $100 phone should. If u wana whine about what it doesnt do. Then buy a $300 phone and quit whining cuz u were cheap to start with.... Ok maybe there is a battery issue. Maybe there is a memory issue. Its a $100 phone. Deal with it!,0
"The case is cute but the thin plastic cracked and broke when I had to take it off to pull the battery when my phone froze. Unlike other cases I've had, there us only a very thin profile cover on the front of the phone.",0
these things are not oil resistant. do not buy they are horrible. every time you swipe your finger its like you are squeezing grease on it.,0
good case for going out the wife loved it uses on occasion protects from weather and nosy people definitely recommend,0
"Very nice case arrived fast and, well worth the money I paid. While I have only had it for a week I see no problems with it. Most importantly I feel secure when I place my cell in it.",0
"First of all, to people who buy things on the internet, it helps to read the description and look at the pictures. This is a dock. Just like the iPhone dock, you put your phone in it, hook up a charging cable, and it charges. It's not a speaker. Nowhere ever did it suggest it was. There is no speaker built-in, and no line out. You set your phone in it, that's it. If you're looking for it to do something else, move along.

For the dock itself, it's actually very high quality. It's got the look and feel of something you might expect Samsung themselves to put out, albeit probably heavier. That's the only squabble I have with it, it's too light. You'll use two hands almost always to undock the phone. If it had a line out, it would be about perfect.

It has a sleeve (like the iPod universal dock) that can let you use the phone without a case, or with a good number of cases on the market. If you've encased your phone in ballistics material because you're prone to dropping it a lot, no, it won't fit. That case probably won't work with any accessory. Such is the drawback of having more protection than a check cashing store. It fits with the generic Best Buy plastic case, and this Case Mate faux aluminum case.<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Case-Mate-CM021200-Barely-There-Brushed-Aluminum-Case-for-Samsung-Galaxy-S-III-1-Pack-Retail-Packaging-Silver/dp/B0087E4VHY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Case-Mate CM021200 Barely There Brushed Aluminum Case for Samsung Galaxy S III - 1 Pack - Retail Packaging - Silver</a>

If you want something that will hold your phone up on your desk to easily see notifications or to function as a night alarm clock, this is one of your better options.",0
"Although the product appears to be the correct product and does charge the phone, the plug that goes into the phone just a little too big and does completely insert.  It will work, but you have to be very careful that you have a good connection and that the unit is charging.  It is not enough of a problem to return, but I would not recommend buying this product.",0
"So I only used my battery about 8 times over the past 9 months.  But no matter what the battery lived just past the 6 month warranty.  Beware when buying Lithium Ion batteries as they are known to have significant battery life problems.  They are good for being light and efficient, but the design of their cells are known to lose charge the moment it leaves the factory.",0
"The case was much thicker than than I would expect a silicone cover to be. It had a weird texture to it that did not feel pleasant in your hand or against your face. The edges extended much farther than they needed from the face of the phone. It was also very difficult to get out of my pocket because of the ""sticky"" texture it had. The case would often come off as I pulled it out of my pocket.",0
"I have an assortment of cheap cases for my Galaxy S3, but I decided I needed to upgrade to a more protective case. I debated between this and the Otterbox Commuter; I finally decided on this one.

The case arrived yesterday, and I was able to compare it side-by-side with a Galaxy S3 in an Otterbox Commuter.

Simply put, this case looks, feels, and performs like a cheap knockoff.

Let's start with the silicone layer. It is too big for the S3. If you put just the silicone on, it is floppy and is in constant danger of falling off. It's so loose that any wrong move will make it flop right off the phone. I couldn't even put the phone in my pocket without the silicone falling off. The outer shell is fine, but because the silicone layer is too big, the outer shell doesn't fit well either. It squishes the inner layer so that it gaps, at either the top or the bottom of the phone. The outer layer does not fit against the inner layer, leaving gaps at each corner.

I compared this to the Otterbox Defender. The Defender case fits like a glove. The outer and inner layers fit together perfectly with no gaps. The inner silicone layer fits snugly and is in no danger of falling off. Thus I've decided to return the Incipio case and get an Otterbox instead.

I'm honestly disappointed. This is the quality I would expect from a $2 knockoff from China, not from Incipio. I've returned it, and I'm getting an Otterbox instead.

I've uploaded several photos of the fit issue, so I recommend you take a look at those before buying.",0
"This is my second Jabra car kit. I first ordered the SP200 which is a great speakerphone, most callers don't realize I'm in a car. I hesistated ordering the cruiser based on the poor reviews which for me are all wrong:
*Simple to use out of the box
*works great as a stand alone speakerphone
*works very good as a speaker phone through the FM transmitter
*Works perfectly with my iPhone 4.
*Music plays nicely on my radio
*Simple to change the radio frequency
I do get some static in heavily populated areas or where the frequency has a broadcast that is strong(eg. near Newark Airport).
Performs better in my 2003 vehicle vs. my 1998 vehicle, I attribute this to the age of the technology in the '98.

I am very happy with my purchase.",0
"I have a Samsung Impression, and it fits perfectly in the pouch.  The material is stretchy, so any similar sized phone should also fit just fine.  My phone is touch screen, and I can operate the touch screen through the clear plastic cover.  It has openings on the top and bottom for your headphone jacks.  I find this armband phone holder to be very comfortable and convenient.

I have large arms, so I also purchased the optional extension strap.  If you also have large arms, make sure you do the same.  It would not fit me without it.

I highly recommend this item.",0
"I'm the worst when it comes to tripping, slipping and dropping my phone. The otterbox has been a life saver!  And call me weird, but as much as I love my iPhone its just too small and slick when it's not in the case so the otterbox adds some bulk and grip which is great for me.",0
"I was hesitant buying this because it's so cheap, especially compared to the ""fancier"" D30 and similar products.

This thing is awesome. Fits perfectly. Doesn't fall off easily. Protects the screen by lifting it up around the edges. Looks nice. Good grippiness.

Regarding the button cutouts on this phone (which really aide in making buttons easier to press). The power button cutout is great. But it surprises me that there is no cutout for the volume rocker!? It's pretty annoying to raise and lower the volume, I have to really look at the case to see where the indentation is at, and often have to press really hard to make sure I'm actually pressing the right spot. I could see myself cutting a hole in this area down the line, but I'm not sure if that would impact the overall fit of the case. Oh well--it's the one downside to this case, but I still really like it. Oh, and someone mentioned the case makes the rocker feel touch sensitive.. Not really. If you're lucky and your finger lands on the right spot, then -maybe-.

My phone was knocked over once from desk height, I didn't see how it landed, but it doesn't have a scratch or scuff on it!

When I plug my earphones into the phone, they don't go in the jack all the way. I soon realized that this wasn't the cases fault, however, and when I removed the case and tried again, same problem! COME ON HTC!",0
"The main problem with the original Galaxy Tab is the RAM memory and processor speed.

The Galaxy Tab 7.7 has 1GB of ram and excellent speed, which is perfect. Come on all Android phones are almost the same in the management, the difference makes the screen size and power, which if adapted to the needs of each person.

I need a very large screen (do not look so good) and I want to navigate comfortably, write emails and review documents without having to force myself on a small screen.

7.7 inches is a perfect size, great to see well, not so great as to be uncomfortable to carry. Goes perfect in the pocket of my bag, or carry in hand is no problem. Her weight is great, a few grams less than the original Galaxy.

The only thing that convinces me is that the letters are very small, email and social networks, and any application, show a very small letters, you have to do some tricks to make them grow, but it's nothing ""official"" operating system that supports . They say that with the upgrade to Android 4.0 will fix this, hopefully!, For now have to wait. Oh I forgot, the battery lasts all day, come home at night with a 30-40% remaining.",0
"I had a dash mount holder for my Garmin, which I loved, so I thought this would be great for my iPhone.  However, I have the Otterbox Defender case on my phone (which I do love!), and I guess with the case it's just too heavy.  The mount won't keep the phone upright enough to see it.  Also, I have a Honda CRV, and the dash is slightly curved, so it doesn't sit well on it.  Might be good for other people, but it didn't work for me.",0
"Works well with my excite 10, connected a USB drive and a bluetooth keyboard both work perfectly no trouble on the toshiba. So green light if you have the excite and want to get this.",0
"I had bought a stylus from verizon and it worked great. When hubs got a smartphone gave it to him.  Found these online and thought wow, a much better price...well they don't have a point and don't work as well as the expensive one from Verizon...but they do work so they are OK.",0
"I used this waterproof bag for my little travel camera while sea kayaking, water rafting, and in rainy conditions.  It worked great to keep the camera dry and working.  It was however, a little hard to turn the camera on and off and select modes, etc.  Also the clear plastic portion is not perfectly crystal clear, but for the price, it worked great and the pictures turned out acceptable.

I used it with my NV3 cammera, and my husband used it for his Iphone.  Worked great for both though I had to put a little foam piece in the end to keep my cammera lense in the clear area.",0
"The case works, fits well, and arrived within the estimated delivery date.  The only thing I modified was the bump that covers the volume button on the phone.  It made my volume button very sensitive, so I cut it out.  Other than that, no complaints.  I have dropped my phone a few times in parking lots since having the case and my phone is fine as well as the case.

The screen protectors work well too.  I have one little air bubble, but that's it.  Took a couple tries to get it positioned right, but other than that, I'm happy with it.",0
"This case is not as nice as the same case made for the S III. It has the feel of a poor copy or something that was rushed to market. It lacks the same full coverage and does not feel like it's got a good hold of the phone. Aesthetically speaking, it doesn't even frame the phone nicely. Further, it lacks a screen protector. And, if you're interested, it doesn't have a belt holder--whathaveyou. I don't like it, and I'm not using it. It was a waste of money.

Update
Am currently using an Otterbox Defender. It's got better coverage, offers much better purchase of the phone (which makes typing easier) and it looks pretty good. Unfortunately, issues with the screen protector are serious: the protector doesn't fit flush against the phone screen and it's a fingerprint/oil collector. I'd give it a 3 because of these.",0
I received the screen protector before is was suppose to originally come in the mail..It was easy to put on and works great.,0
"I ordered this item from the seller SF Planet and got a nice hard plastic case made by Fosmon.  It fits perfectly on my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Samsung-Exhibit-II-4G/dp/B00607JBNO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Samsung Exhibit II 4G</a>.  Of the pictures amazon currently shows for this item, only one exactly matches the item I received - the one which shows both pieces at a diagonal without the phone.  It has a round dimple at the bottom and an extra 2 small holes on the back side next to the speaker phone opening.

This case is thin hard flexible plastic and fits tightly on the phone.  It snaps together easily and can be removed without breaking by running my fingernail between the two sides.  There is a slot on the bottom right where you can start - just go all around the phone and the clips pop apart easily.  When I installed it, my phone was fairly new and still had the original screen protector on it.  I cut off the side tab from the screen protector and snapped on the case.  I'm glad I didn't rush to pull this off; the touch screen works great with it left on.

The feel is slightly rubbery, smooth but not too slick.  It doesn't slide out of my hand but isn't very grippy either.  The openings all match everything perfectly, including camera and flash, volume, power, USB, headphones, mic, and rear speaker.  I'm not sure what the 2 small holes are for on the back but they don't cause any trouble.  Maybe they were for something on a prototype version of the phone.  The only thing you won't have access to is the battery compartment, but as I said, you can pop the sides apart fairly easily.

After about a month of use, the case is like new, and seems like it will last for years unless I abuse it.  I haven't dropped it yet, so I can't speak from experience, but looking it over, it seems like it would sufficiently protect the phone from damage for a short fall.  It is harder, thinner plastic so I wouldn't recommend throwing it or dropping it onto concrete from more than a couple feet.

This is an attractive, quality case well worth the few dollars I spent on it.

UPDATE 12/10/12

Still works great.  I've dropped it about 6 times from about 3 to 4 feet onto carpet, hard floors and pavement.  No damage to the phone at all, and barely marked the case.  Sometimes the case pops open when it hits a hard surface, and I just snap it back together no problem.  Excellent case.",0
"Noise cancelling does not work. It actually amplifies everything in the background and is very annoying to anyone on the other end of the call. Tried several times in different environments. HORRIBLE PRODUCT. Returned immediately for a refund.

Jabra has apparently went downhill since creating the BT8040 that I had and regrettably lost. Come to think of it, had to have the BT8040 replaced under warranty once through AT&T where I bought it after 1 month. Won't consider Jabra again.

Thank you Amazon for your excellent return service!

Bought the Motorola HX550 as a replacement and am very impressed with the noise cancelling and ease of use.",0
"The case is nice, slim, and elegant.  The fit is excellent.  However, it is made from a fairly hard material and probably provides fairly little protection.

Other kinds of shells (in particular those made of silicone) protect the phone against falls and scratches, and will even protect the screen against scratches (by raising it a little).  This case really only protects against scratches, but since the back of the Note is interchangeable anyway, that's not all that useful.",0
"After waiting for a long time to jump on the BT Headset bandwagon, I decided to get this.  It is not as obnoxious looking as some of the other ones, it has a futuristic design and had good reviews.  It wasn't the cheapest, but at $79, it was not overly pricey either.  Plus you get to choose from some hip colors if you are into that sort of thing.  I stuck with black.

It paired with and connected to my Droid X2 effortlessly.  I was surprised to hear a voice prompt saying ""connected."" I use this primarily in my car while my phone is in the car dock. I have not used many different features on it, but on the calls I used it , sound was clear and loud enough (volume level controlled by the phone), and the parties I was talking to never complained about clarity or asked me to repeat what I said, even when the window was rolled down and when there was considerable wind noise in the car.  So far I have been pretty happy with it.

My few problems with it are: (1) The charger plug is difficult to pull out of a tight outlet because it's shaped like a shallow cylinder with not much grip. (2) Base is not that easy to handle because of its shape and can roll around in the car pretty easily. (3) The only button on the headset is not easily found or reachable when the unit is in your ear. Your earlobe covers it. (4) Not as secure in your ear if you are walking since it lacks a loop around the earlobe.  There are two ear gel pieces that come with it, so may be one would be better than the other for it to remain in your ear.  I would not recommend this one if you are looking to use this during any physical activity, however. (5) It may be difficult to find the correct orientation to place it in since it has a triangular shape; you have to pay attention to which way you are putting it in your ear.

So far I have had only one problem with static, but I cannot tell for sure it was not the phone or the connection to the number I was dialing. If you are looking for a BT headset that's simple to use in car, I'd recommend this one.",0
"<div id=""video-block-R2N0B5T3BLYT6Z"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1NIlpLDm8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/811QS6NEAdS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;Attached is a video to show you the clear and purple cases, how it fits, and some thoughts on the cases.

Here is my written review:

DESIGN
+ Flexible
+ Good solid material
+ Teethy textured grips on the sides of the case
+ Gel mold covers top right button
+ USB connection, audio input, all holes are appropriately sized.

FIT
+ Perfect fit
+ Easy to put on and take off

Overall, a great case that is flexible, fits well, and has a stylish design.",0
"I hate the way most silicone cases feel, and was only going to get these for a friend who also has an iPhone. I was pleasantly surprised when I opened them up and realized the cases felt more like rubber than silicone, and didn't have any of that unpleasant grip. You know what I'm talking about -- that friction that catches every single speck of dust or pocket lint it can and ends up making the case look disgusting after a week.

These are really good for the cost, and having the different colors makes switching cases out really fun.",0
"Case fits well and offers great protection and looks, on par with Otterbox. Color is consistent through out the case. The pink rubber is quality and does not feel cheap also the zebra covers are easy to remove and are quality as well. The case affords great protection and all the buttons are useable and feel good through the cover and are fully operational. Overall a must have!",0
"This thing broke on me after about the 20th time I took it off. I probably take the cover off more than most people, since I mess around with ROMs, Kernels, etc., but still. The smaller piece was very flimsy and broke. If it was only $5 or $10, that might be fine because then I could buy a new one every couple months, but I'm sticking with the ""Trexcell Black Thermoplastic TPU Cover Case for Samsung Galaxy Nexus"" now. It's half the price, one solid piece, and better ""shock"" protection.",0
"I guess you get what you pay for.  I was impressed at first because you can use the charger for any battery...the prongs move and when the light turns red you know you have them in the correct position for charging.  Well, the batteries only hold a charge for about 2-3 hours at a time and the charger...well you have to jiggle it when you plug it in to get it to get it to work...they are all crap...so yes you get what you pay for!!!!  JUNK!!!!

Edit***4/16/12
The seller sent out a new set right away...which is ACES in my book! Nothing like good old fashion customer service! Buuuuuut....lets see how long these last....I have high hopes :0)....

**5/23/11
The batteries have once again failed.  They hold even less of a charge than the old ones that were replaced...dont spend your money unless you need something short term....because thats all you will get.
They do provide great customer service though...",0
"This is a great product.  I almost crashed on my bicycle but I rode it out for about 30 feet, my chest hit the mount and was pressed upon my phone for that whole time.  The two top tabs broke off, however, the strap that goes around the front held onto the mount the whole time.  That's your reason right there for having that strap, if it wasn't there, my phone would have fallen and scratched.  The product comes with extra tabs so you can replace them.  Well thought out.

I would definitely buy this for my friends who use their phones when they're on their bicycles.",0
"Great product, connects to 2 bluetooth phones, which works great for me, because I have 2 cell phones - work and personal.  However, the packaging did not include all earpieces as advertised, only the standard over the ear.  Could be a flaw of this seller?",0
"I bought this case for my daughter, to be just a little fancy on those special occasions. Plus she loves Hello Kitty. Would recomment this case for the fancy in you.",0
"This case is very well built.  I was hesitant to buy it because it had no reviews, but my worries were needless.  This is a very nice sleeve.  I love the look and feel of a naked iPhone 5, but I don't want to risk it getting scratched by objects in my pocket.  It does its job.  My complaints:  It is PU, but it is only $20 so I won't complain much about that.  My main problem is that it may fit a little too snug.  I know a sleeve should have a secure fit, but this one is very secure.  I worry a little bit about the strap breaking and then i cant use the sleeve because of how hard it would be to get the phone out.  Also, you have to pull the tab pretty hard to get it out.  I am not sure if this will still be a problem later.  I may just need some time to break it in.  Still, I recommend this case.",0
Too bad its so small you could lose it but this little device does work better than a paperclip and does get the sim cover out of my iphone4s with ease. I have it in a small zip lock with sims I need for travel.,0
"Great phone, but battery has minimal performance, you have to charge this phone constantly.  The seller was fantastic when I had a problem with original purchase. Replacement phone works as advertised.  HTC makes a great product but needs to provide a better battery for longer life.",0
"I bought this bluetooth speaker for my wife because she doesn't like to wear bluetooth on her ears. Every time I talk to her on the phone with this junk, I always have to repeat what I say and speak even louder. She even has to lower her visor to make a little closer to her ears, but this doesn't help at all if she's driving on the freeway. I am about to take that stupid junk and smash it with a hammer. I am sick and tired of repeating what I say consistently. Please save your money and buy something else. I will be so happy if Motorola files bankruptcy. Motorola sucks!!!",0
"Pros: Fair price. Good protection for the phone. Magnetic tabs work well to hold case closed.
Cons: Kind of bulky. Can't use a wired headset while case is closed - no opening in hinged (bottom) end.
Other thoughts: Ended up buying a another similar design case that cost three times as much, but addressed the bulk and headset issues. Will keep this one around as a spare. Considering the price, not worth the trouble to return.",0
"Got this to replace a cracked digitizer, because I didn't want to fool with heating and glue, re-taping etc. The shipping was very fast, had it the second day, and the tools were included, decent screwdrivers at that. I don't know what the other reviewer's problems are, as this is an entire digitizer+LCD module and is not that hard to replace. Just be sure to pull the ear speaker from the old unit, and that's it.

After replacing, the unit fired up with a beautiful new screen, and all functions, lights, and touch worked as a new one would.

I would order again, as I have no complaints.",0
I purchased two of these items.  I use one for inside my home and one for my car.  I appreciate the length of the cord and like that it is nylon braided.  It seems that they will be longer lasting than plain cables.  I have had no problem charging my Motorola Razr Maxx with them.  I also appreciated the add-on of the small cleaning cloth and small accessory bag.  They always come in handy.,0
"Decided to try this product without much expectation. I was used to always carry a spare battery for my HTC smartphone, and when I switched to the apple iphone 4, I felt I lost this capability since there is no way to easily replace an iphone 4 battery.

This seemed to be a good was to recover the lost function.

I first fully charged the spare batter until the FULL led went on.

Then I ran my iphone all the way down to 10% battery. Without turning the iphone off, I plugged it to the spare battery. Nice to note that it did not require me to take the iphone out of its case, the battery can be plugged with the iphone inside the case, a major plus.

Well, after the spare battery was completely depleted, I had my iphone battery reading 89%... yep, from 10% to 89% charge into my iphone 4 with this device. I really like it!!!",0
"This is just the right phone if you are looking for chat, facebook, whatsapp, WiFi and GPS function in one little handset. Elegant and easy to use. It works OK in Ecuador (HSDPA 850 / GSM 850) so don't hesitate to buy this phone if you are wondering if it will work in Ecuador!",0
"I am 72 and wanted JUST a good phone but felt I was not ready for a ""senior"" phone and definitely did not want a smart phone. My son had had one of these when they first came out and loved it so when I saw this one I jumped at it. It is a super phone...great reception, well made, takes photos (not great but good enough for wallpaper), and does not have all the junk that I did NOT want. I am thrilled with it...if what you want is just a great phone then go for it! It also has darn good battery life. Before I put my sim card in it I had transferred all my contacts to the sim card and presto when the sim card went in all my contacts where there. By the way the phone sent to me was definitely new and not refurbished. Thanks Amazon and Motorola .",0
"Didn't expect much for 2 bucks, already had a solid color case, plus there were no reviews yet for this.
But was very surprised, for 2 bucks and free shipping, you just can't go wrong with this.
I wanted a clear case (not frosted)to showcase the Iphone5 design, so I thought this would be a good back up for my Ringke Slim case.
I am now using this clear case full time.
The plastic is crystal clear, very thin (thinner in real life than in the photos) and solid build.
I like the fact that it stays tight on the phone, perfect fit, but it is still flexible enough that it is still very easy to take off and on.
My other case was too hard to take off.
Don't know how well it will stand scratches yet, but seems solid and for 2 bucks+free shipping I really don't care.
Just buy this!!!
Much cheaper than the other clear cases I researched and pleasantly surprised by the quality and super fast shipping.
Planning on getting another one for the wife.",0
"I have purchased 2 of these cables from this seller. After 4 months of gentle use. one is still working fine, but the other has a short in it and no longer works. I am purchasing a replacement for the shorted cable from a different seller.

Pros:
- Inexpensive
- 6ft long cable
- iPhone/iPod connector on this cable is same size and shape as the connector on cable that came with iPhone 4
- Will connect to an iPhone 4 with Apple bumper installed

Cons:
- Cheaply made and may break after short period of time",0
"It's EXACTLY what Monoprice is selling for a few bucks cheaper, however this one doesn't have any names on the side or generic so prefer this over monoprice who has their name ""monoprice"" on the side bottom right on the bumper. This bumper here fits the Iphone 5 fine, wish the top layer of front and back had a softer or more rubber feel (like the official past apple bumpers) so it won't slide on the what you put the phone down on and a rubber feel to me makes it more comfortable to hold, but overall this is pretty good and as advertised. Pleasantly surprisde how well it fit since i ordered this BEFORE the iphone 5 was available and delivered prior as well, the minute my Iphone 5 showed up in fed ex i put this on and fit perfectly, taking a chance this company had the proper specs before the phone was available, and they got it right. Since Apple won't be releasing an official iphone 5 bumper, this is as good as it gets...for now (9.22.12)",0
"snug n tight, fits the iPhone 5 PERFECTLY! I had n older version 4 the 3GS but the flaps were a problem, but now the problems gone, the flaps r ULTRA snug n the case isn't 2 bulky either.... highly recommend!",0
After researching all various extravert cases and seeing the reviews for this body glove one.  I have to concur with the other reviewers that this is an exceptional case.  The phone by itself right out of the box is so slick you just know it's going to hit the floor and soon.  The case itself has a nice textured rubberized grip that feels solid in the hand without adding an excessive amount of thickness.  it was easy to put on and pretty simple to take off with a coin edge if you need to.  I would highly recommend this phone cover to anyone looking for a quality case...you can tell it's going to last and fits like a glove.  It also makes sliding it open to access the qwerty keyboard a lot easier....no fumbling.,0
"I wish I'd read more of the 2 star reviews here before buying this product.

What you won't see in the description of the product is that it has a matte finish. This creates a weird glare on the screen, so much so that I'd hate to take it out on a sunny day. And It also softens and adds a weird micro-graininess to the screen quality a bit. If you bought this it's because you bought a phone with a 720p SAMOLED screen. I don't know who in their right mind puts out a product that makes the images on the screen duller. ""Wow, that picture is TOO nice... we need to fix that!"" ... Yeah... I don't get it.

It really is kind of sad when you see the beautiful gloss of the Piano Black screen peaking through around the speaker grill and camera cutout. There was a time I thought that the nice matte finish screen protector which my friend had on his iPhone would've been totally cool to have. That time is well past.

As for the quality itself, it isn't bad. As with all static-cling screen protectors, dust in the air is your enemy. Tip: Turn off your A/C, fans, etc.... practice slow breathing, but the most helpful item in your arsenal: a can of compressed air. Also, practice the placement before your first real attempt. Luckily you get three tries here, I did it in 2. If you mess up your first one, don't throw it away immediately, take the opportunity to figure out what the perfect placement is with the now-doomed protector. Finally, one thing I've learned: If you get it down where it's pretty nice but needs a slight tweak? Quit while you're ahead, you'll never get one of these things down perfectly. It's like hitting the lotto.",0
"so the case is great for the most part.  it fits well but it may take you a time or to in order to get it just right.  that's only because the fit is tight and you have to work the rubber into the edges.  oh, and the grip on the sides of the case are awesome!  they feel good and are functional.  wasn't a fan of the pattern on the back, but when i received the case it didn't actually look as cheesy as it does in the pictures.

one problem though is that the headphones (and i tried several sets) do not plug into the jack fully.  in fact none of the ones i tried worked very well.  even if you get them to work, you probably will not get them to snap completely into place, and the last contact on a headphone jack is generally for the mic/button on the headphones themselves.  this is a big deal to me, so i took the case off and trimmed off the plastic at the part where the headphone jack is.  i did a good job so it looks good and did the trick.  i'm shocked no one else has mentioned this in their review...and like i said, i tried multiple headphones and none of them worked with this case on.",0
Just purchased the phone. I haven't had the phone a month yet. It's easy to add time and am getting offers for addtional minutes. I have no dropped calls and the phone is crystal clear. Well satisfied with the LG600G,0
"It needs care to put on or take off of the phone, but once it is on, you'll find that it is a very good fit. It maintains the slimness of the new iPhone 5. Those are all positives and I am giving 5 star for all that. Nothing wrong with the case or the material quality. If you have black iPhone, I suggest going with a darker color.  My case was translucent, which was my choice.

However, I have ArmorSuit skin on my new iPhone 5 and this case lifted the edges of the skin.  The skin edges won't stay under the case lip unfortunately. I am disappointed about that. If you don't like to put skin on the phone and like rigid material case, go for it.",0
"""Very easy to install, and very clear, and a big plus, MADE IN THE USA ! Very happy with this purchase, in fact I'm waiting for delivery of a second one for another cell phone I own.. Well worth the money!!""",0
"Realook arrived very quick and was as stated, so the seller gets 5 stars.  Now, about the product....

I've installed screen savers, window tint, other film where bubbles are a no-no.  I'm not a beginner and I'm very meticulous, so I was surprised how difficult it was to get this on correctly. If my environment was any more free of lint and dust I would have been in Intel's processing chip lab.

Screen Protector #1: I lined up the protector perfectly at the top of the phone but as I laid it down it it created a bubble on the bottom outer edge where it didn't line up perfectly.  How did this happen??  I had to peel it off to start again but it was extremely difficult to do so.  The supplied tape couldn't help me get the screen off.  Once I did get it off and on again another bubble had appeared in the screen from where I pried it off.  I suppose I compromised the plastic.  This was not fixable.

Screen Protector #2: I re-cleaned the phone and proceeded with the written instructions (again). This time a bubble appeared that I could not scrap away with the supplied tool.  I could not see any evidence of lint or dust.  I peeled it off and as I did so something got on the sticky side.  I followed the instructions to rinse in warm water and let the screen air dry.  I cleaned the phone again and went to reapply the product and this time there were more bubbles that wouldn't scrap away. In trying to get the protector off again I damaged it.

Money wasted.",0
"I have been a fan of the Motorola Folding model headsets since they first came out. The best thing about these is that when they are folded, they are turned off. No battery drain, no accidental calls when the button is depressed in your pocket. If it is open and you press the button, it will immediately answer the call. If it is folded (off) you must wait a few seconds (2-3) for it to ""boot up""

The range of the H-720 is not as good as its predecessor (only about 20 ft and/or 1 wall), but the overall design is much better (recessed main button; more solid boom; better volume control buttons; more comfortable fit; not so bright bluetooth light - the old light was bright enough to signal aircraft!)

If you are frustrated by making accidental calls when carrying your BT headset, there is no other quality headset out there that offers this unique feature. It may not offer the same quality as Plantronics, but if you've ever made an accidental 45 minute voicemail or call in the middle of the night, this device is a must have.

Arrived in solid packaging with a charger. 5 days with standard shipping",0
"I have gotten a few solar powered chargers and have been consistently disappointed. I guess this is as good as it gets when it comes to portable solar chargers which isn't saying much. I do like its portability and two panels. Also, while I like that it can directly charge something via USB, I don't like how it doesn't come with some kind of battery period. They advertise this like it's some kind of bonus or something...the fact that it doesn't come with something?? For as expensive as it is, you would think it would come with some kind of external battery to connect. That way you can still have the concept of not having to wait for an internal battery to charge before being able to charge your device, but you have to option of charging an external battery if you want as well.

I think I might have had high expectations for this thing as I have been so gravely disappointed with other solar chargers in the past. But even this, the best one I've found thus far, still will charge a portable battery in the sun all day and not even put a dent in it. I mean, not even 10%. But maybe that is just to be expected of all solar chargers I suppose... So I give it three stars. It is the best I've found, but not the best it could  be.",0
At first I wasn't to sure about a Motorola droid phone as I owned a Samsung; but I have to say that I'm more than happy with this cell phone; after upgrading to ICS the menus and the applications are a lot faster; the battery duration is very good and I'm very suprised by the resolution of the display; It is a very cheap phone for the quality it has.,0
"Not sure what is so special about the ""DMS Version"" (DMS = the vendor Digital Media Source) but it gets the job done.

Each screen protector (set of 3 included in package) comes with 2 tabs.  A red tab indicating the adhesive sheet side to remove first before applying to your iPad and a black tab to remove second clear sheet once you're happy with the screen protector's placement on your iPad.  Instructions are very clear both on the tabs and on the back of the package.

The screen protector was able to peel away from my iPad with no adhesive residue as I unfortunately had to toss sheet #1 because of too many bubbles during my first attempt to install the screen protector.  In my case, sheet #2 worked out well.

If anything, there are some minor bubbling on the edge of the protector sheet that I wasn't able to remove (on either my first or second attempt) but I'm willing to live with it as 99% of the sheet went on smoothly and cleanly.",0
"I went through two of these cases before I decided that I would go with a different case. The problem isn't with the phone case itself, the problem lies with the poorly designed holster. The pressure clip that holds the phone in place will crack and leave you without a belt clip. The phone becomes quite larger with the plastic case and rubber surround, but it comes with a built in screen protector. The ports are all accessible except for the docking ports on the side of the phone. I dropped my phone several times and while the case got scratches, the phone is still in pristine condition. If Otterbox would setup the holster with a spring loaded clip instead, this product would be perfect.",0
"Can't say enough positive things about this item.  I have had it in my truck for months and months... use it everytime I get in... have it mounted low on the dash - almost underneath to the left of the radio/AC controls right next to steering wheel.  the perfect location to plug into my stereo with the headphone jack line out.  It fits and adjusts in a variety of configurations... it holds TIGHT once you get the hang of installing it... I have had it for many months and smack it accidently at times and it has only come loose one time and was back on in seconds... I use it for navigation, playing music, even making/taking calls handsfree through my radio connection... it looks great (some of the others I have seen out there are gaudy and conspicuous... but this one looks as good as it performs... a GRADE A - TOP NOTCH ACCESSORY FOR ANY LARGE SMART PHONE.  I use it with my Samsung Galaxy S Epic... GET ONE!!",0
I compared available cases and this leather case can't be beat for quality and price.  I also use a protective gel case with my iP4 and it fits perfectly in the flip case.,0
"The quality of the product is very good. As anyone would be, I was very nervous about my phone's first dunk, but thereafter - very confident. I liked how it's form fitting design accomodated my regular day to day case. I also tried the fold-over pouch type cases, but I did like this solution better.

This product is terrific for a day at the beach, protecting your phone from surf and sand. I had some luck with underwater video, but had lack luster results on subsequent tries (cloudiness). All-in-all, a good product, but if you plan to be a frequent user/abuser (this is for 4 uses only), I would buck-up and invest in a really good waterproof case.",0
"It needs more weight to it, feels like the whole phone will tip over when in portrait postion. But when you put the phone in landscape position it doesnt feel like there a secure place for it.

The mini usb cable that comes with it is way too short. Its hard to install and the connectors that secures the usb end to the base feels cheap.

My biggest gripe is when you try to pick up the phone you'll pick up the whole base. You'll need to use two hands to pry the phone off the base and sometimes it'll feel like the the dock has a fraking Death Grip on it.",0
"I had given this product four stars, but I revised it to five stars after several months of use. The vent mount for Galaxy S III is very solid. If mounted wrong, the clip will turn the sound off on the phone; however, I have learned that I can turn the phone the other direction, and it works fine. I am very pleased; our son-in-law had one, and I thanked him for his recommendation. I would not sell it to someone else for twice the price.",0
"This is the greatest phone i have ever gotten. It came in a t-mobile box, but it was unlocked. I popped in my AT&T sim, and was on my. I love this phone, and believe it is the best on the market. The screen is gorgeous. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is in the market for a new phone.

P.S. The box might have 1 of the seals broken, and the plastic on the phone will not be perfectly placed, but that is because they needed to put in the unlock pin.",0
Don't waste your time and money on this one! Dead as a block of wood! Better yet just see how many times it will skip across a pond.,0
"Phone came on before its estimated delivery, it is new, and it is unlocked. Like the others have said, update it once you get and go ahead and order a SIM Card cutter here on Amazon. The Razr uses the mico SIMs and a SIM cutter can save you a little money (it worked for me). So far this phone has everything I need and more.",0
"For an upcoming trip, I wanted to leave the laptop at home and take only an Android tablet.

 My concern was how would I transfer photos from the camera's SD card to the tablet?

 Well, this cable does the trick if your camera has PictBridge (PTP) capability. If it does, just use the USB cable that came with your camera, plug it into this cable, turn the camera on and with Android v3.2.1, the Gallery opens and you can start an Import dialog. With my tablet, I moved nearly a Gigabyte of images from camera to tablet in a bit more than 2 minutes.

 One precaution: adjust your screen to stay active for at least the time you expect the transfer to take or you can interrupt the transfer. I just set it for 30 minutes when I am about to transfer and then return it to my normal setting.

 I chose this over the Motorola because of the 90-degree connector. In the final analysis, I don't think it really makes a difference.

 For my needs, transferring photos from camera to tablet, this cable works perfectly and I am satisfied.

Jerry",0
"Ok. so the supplier was prompt and courteous but the issues avoidable. I paid for two day shipping as i was due to travel the phone arrived after i left and only after i contacted the seller. Upon arrival and opening the box i got a used phone with scratches on the face plate, the wrong charger, the back plate is replaced with a cheap cover from another supplier. Upon opening to insert the battery the inside is dirty and has a green dust on the phone and there is no memory card.  So decided to return only to realize i will now lose 15% restocking fee plus shipping ($81 or 18% cost of phone). Worst yet the supplier writes me to remove the bad review on the shipping problems as its bad for business. If the business was good i will not have an issue. Anyway the Torch is a great phone this is the third i am buying, the first from this supplier. Will never buy from here again.",0
"This is a GREAT headset, but please make note:  This headset will NOT WORK if your OS version on your BlackBerry is less than OS v4.6.  I have 4.5 on my BlackBerry, and none of the features worked at all.  Nothing I could do but return it.  This isn't disclosed anywhere in the listing for this item, so make sure that your phone is compatible with t before you go through with the purchase.

That being said, if my phone had OS 4.6 or higher, this would be the one that I would have.  It's a GREAT accessory with really great features.  Bums me that I had to return it.",0
"Usually cell phone case are either silicone cases that are stretchy (not my favorites), or ""hard"" cases (what I usually get.)  This one is kind of in-between.  It is technically a ""hard"" case, but it is just a tinsy bit more flexible and stretchy, and that's a good thing!  It goes on easily, and stays on fine.  I suspect that the little extra ""give"" would be a good thing if I drop it, but I'm not planning on testing that theory, at least not on purpose!

Case looks nice, way nicer than the pictures. Very slim, adds hardly any bulk to the phone.

Fit is excellent IF you put it on from bottom to top, and not from side to side. I first slipped it on from the side, and the holes didn't line up too well. I took it off, aligned the charging port at the bottom, and worked it up to the top...Perfect fit! Holes line up wonderfully!

Summing up:  case looks good, fits well, easy to put on, small amount of stretch (a good thing!).  Probably the nicest case I've ever bought.

Any negatives?  Well, it probably won't protect as well as those cases that are so popular (named after furry aquatic rodents).  But this one should protect the phone fairly well, at least, without adding unnecessary bulk or costing too much.",0
"I have this in a 2003 Yukon XL attached to the A/C vent. It works great, however, I now can't turn that A/C vent toward me and my cell phone blocks most of the air from blowing on me. I'm the kind of person that uses the A/C all the time, so it's bothersome to me.

I also have a 2000 Toyota Sienna, and it won't work on the A/C vents.  But it does work fine on the windshield.  The one problem with the windshield is that in California I believe it's technically illegal to put anything on the windshield. However, the windshield in the Toyota is so big and long that it doesn't interfere with your view of the road.

But I do love the fact that I can now easily see my cell phone while I'm driving.",0
"First of all, I like the idea of a clear case.  I have a clear case cover for my iphone too and I liked it.  The problem with this particular case is that it's cheaply made.  When I first got this, one of the corners would not snap at all, so it was loose and the cover would come off sometimes.  After having this for about two weeks I dropped the phone once from about 3 feet onto a hard carpeted floor and the plastic which snaps the other corner broke off as well.  Now I have to buy a new cover :(",0
"Well, here we are, some 18 months and change from the release of Apple's famed iPhone 4 and I think I may have found my (almost) perfect case. I've had probably 10 different cases for my iPhone 4. I had one case for my 2G, 3G and 3Gs, but the boxy form factor of the iPhone 4 has made finding a suitable case somewhat troublesome as they all tend to exaggerate the squareness and create a brick in my pocket.

A Brief Introduction to My Experience with Rokform Products:
A few months ago, I bought the original Rokform Aluminum case (the one you put together with tiny screws). I absolutely loved it, except for one large flaw. It severely impeded my reception. I live in a rural area and sometimes only have 2-3 bars. With the aluminum case on there, I would drop calls several times a day and my signal was extremely weak. In my house where I have a very strong WiFi signal as well as a 3G MicroCell Tower, the load times were horrible, no matter which one I used (3G or WiFi).

Fortunately, I was able to part with my Aluminum Rokform case at only a slight loss via the great online auction site. When I saw the new aluminum cases with the poly-carbonate bottom half, I got excited and was thinking that may have solved the antenna issues. Reluctant to drop another $80 on an aluminum case, I waited and saw the Rokbed V3. Bingo! A poly-carbonate case with the style, durability and Made-In-USA approach that I appreciate from Rokform.

My Review of the Rokbed V3:
I received the RBV3 today (thanks Amazon Prime!). It snapped on the phone easily and looks great. It's not super bulky and fits in my (slim) jeans pocket nicely. My co-worker liked it enough that she ordered a pink one. This case is great. I've got 4 bars of reception here at my office with full Wi-Fi signal. With the Aluminum, I'd have one or two bars and 2 bars of Wi-Fi signal. This is good. The case fits snugly and works well with a screen protector on. No bubbling on the edges or interference at all. All of the buttons and ports are readily accessible and my Bose In-Ears work wonderfully with the generous spacing around the headphone port. I also appreciate the small indentation at the top near the sleep/power button as it makes getting to it just slightly easier with the pad of my finger (as opposed to the tip). The same is true for the volume rockers. I can easily adjust the volume using the pad of my finger or thumb while talking without having to alter my grip on the phone. All good things, yes?

While I love this case and I did point out some of my favorite attributes, there are a couple of issues with it that make it slightly less than perfect and cost Rokform a star on this one. Both of the issues I have are attributed to the Remote Mounting System (RMS). While I appreciate the system and I can see the plethora of add-ons that Rokform could run with, it's a bit unnecessary in my opinion. First, when I originally opened the package and got the phone in the case, I snapped the RMS onto the case. Bad idea. It took me quite some time to get it off. I ended up putting my phone under one foot and using both hands to twist the RMS off the back of the case. What this tells me is:

  A) There is no way the adhesive will stand up to the amount of torque required to remove the phone from the RMS, and
  B) If the super-strong RMS glue does break away due to said torque requirement, it's probably going to mar the dashboard of my car or at least leave an ugly glue stain.

I can't say for sure, but In my opinion, it shouldn't have been anywhere near that hard to remove the RMS from the back of the phone. Maybe it will loosen up, but I'm scared to put it back on there. Also, the RMS makes the case far more bulky than its previous aluminum counterpart. I wish Rokform made a version of this case that wasn't compatible with the RMS so that they could retain a much slimmer form factor while offering the styling and strength of the original Rokform offerings. Give me a Rokbed V4 without the ability to use the RMS and I'm sold 1000% Until then, I'll make do with the V3 as I think it is a superb case for the money.

On Rokform's website, they offer customization options that allow you to choose a top color, a bottom color and a rubber grippy-thing color. It's a $10 upgrade but one that might be worth it if you're looking for something extra-special for your phone. Also, if you're a fan of the RMS or you want to use it for something other than mounting, they make bottle openers and pocket clips that snap on and look pretty good.

All-in-all, this case impressed me and it'll stay on the phone for quite some time. I tend to get bored of cases fairly easily, but I think this one is exciting enough to keep me happy for a while. Thanks for reading. Feel free to post comments and questions and I'll respond as soon as I can.

********************
UPDATE 8/20/12
********************

Another member pointed out my ""prejudgement"" of the RMS feature of this case. I don't feel that I prejudged it, but perhaps judged it a little too soon. After my initial experience of trying to get the thing off the phone, I decided not to use it. I did go back and revisit the RMS and I attached it to the phone and removed it several times (probably 15-20, realistically). It loosened up some. I then attached the RMS receiver to my car dash and used it for a while. My iPhone is done (not because of this case) so I've switched to a different phone for the time being. I tried to remove the RMS receiver from my dash and it isn't going to happen anytime in the next 500 years or so. I don't know what adhesive they use, but you could build a bridge with it. That's a good thing because it requires a fairly significant amount of torque to get the phone on and off of the receiver.

Keep this in mind when you decide to stick your RMS receiver to the dashboard. Once it's there, it's there for good. You'll sell the car with it on there and so will the owner after you and the one after that. I'd be surprised if it ever came off. The car will probably go to the junk yard with that thing on there.

I love Rokform (still) and I love their customer service. They make innovative products with the end-user in mind. I'd buy from them in a heartbeat should I ever return to the iPlatform.

Hope this review and this update clarifies any questions anyone had about the long-term performance of the case.",0
"I purchased this phone as an upgrade from my Optimus V I owned for one year. Touch screens are fun, but a keyboard is the most efficient and fastest way to text/email. The Optimus Slider has basically the same layout of the other phone, but has a faster processor and a brighter, cleaner looking display. The call quality is clear as well. The keyboard is easy to use and has decent sized keys. The phone feels solid and substantial in my hand. Obviously, a screen protector and case are needed to protect the phone from getting beat up. Virgin Mobile's plan is cost effective and reasonable. I've had no problem with their service since I signed on in 2006 after getting fed up with the ever rising costs of being locked into a contract with ATT. This phone works well for me and the only thing preventing me from giving it 5 stars is what everyone mentions: lack of battery life. Obviously, that is just part of owning a smartphone. The limitation can be worked around by tweaking the brightness and limiting some of the running apps. Anyone looking for a reasonable cell plan and good performing phone should not hesitate to purchase this phone. It does everything I need and more. Very happy with my purchase!",0
"I received this phone yesterday and it works great. But beware, if you're using Simple Mobile you won't be able to get an data coverage. We had to switch to a NET10 sim card and plan and it works great at 4G speeds. I would just tell everyone to make sure their service will work with this phone before they purchase it.",0
"I bought the white Elago S5 case for my white iPhone 5 and it looks great!.. It feels really good in the hand and looks very sleek.. The shipping was fast!.. It has a glossy material; it doesn't scratch up easily (or at all) like the over priced Speck Candy Shell case.. To be on the safe side, I would suggest placing a screen protector on the front and back to make sure the case does not cause any scratches when removing it and putting it back on.. Although, it does come with a shield for the Apple logo (only).. If you're thinking about buying this case, I would highly recommend it.. You will not be disappointed.. Trust me, I reviewed and tested several cases before buying this on..",0
"I owned this a month before part of the mount disintegrated.  Keep in mind that the phone basically sat in this cradle untouched, other than removing and placing it back in the mount.  It barely survived the trip down to South Carolina and back.

What's worse is the warranty--90 days, and you have to basically pay them an unusually high fee to return and replace it.  In essence, you are buying a new one at cost.  This is NOT standing behind the sale--this is IMHO a bit dishonest for something that can't stand up to normal usage in a car.  While it worked, it worked great...but the plastic is not durable.

Product fail.  One star.",0
"The case feels very nice in my hand. It feels safe if it were to fall and adds a grip that is very welcomed, especially with a smartphone where I feel as if it will slip out of my hand. When you put the case on you will need to get use to not touching the rubber on the sides or the screen while your swiping the screen. But you get accustomed to it quickly.

My only issue is that when i try to type the word ""p"" about 1/3 of my thumbs lays on the rubber casing which became annoying. But I have become accustomed to this.

This case is perfect and leaves peace in mind knowing it won't slip out of your pocket. The rubberized case simply sticks inside your pocket and stays put. Sometimes it becomes a hassle with gym shorts where it takes your whole pocket out.

The volume control, power button and camera button are covered by the case, while the charging, microsd slot and speaker are cut out. Overall im impressed and would recommend this to anyone who owns a Samsung Prevail. It just feels great knowing your protecting your 180$ piece of entertainment.

P.S. don't buy this case for the headphone bag or the usb cable because your phones charger also doubles up as a usb cable so this case's usb cable is not needed. The headphone case is a large and I would like something smaller for my headphones.

** Update August 28th 2011 **
So I had this case for a while now and I dropped my phone a total of 8 times. Mostly because im clumsy. Guess what ? Phone is completely protected, no scratches, absolutely nothing ! Nothing to the screen. The case itself is hardly scratched up. Its definitely a life saver for a phone that I do want damaged.

Also the usb cable is worthless and I ended up losing the headphone case but its fine, I didn't really need to use them.

** Update April 4th 2012**
Well well well, I'm glad that my phone is still alive after all these months. The case is still in great condition as well as my phone which has fallen about 20 times every since I purchased this case. I feel very safe now whenever my phone drops because I know It will still work once I pick it up. I even threw the phone to the ground a couple of times and it still just as functional as day 1.

I guess I can finally wrap up this review as their is no need to keep updating.

My final thoughts:
Its a great case, it will protect your prevail and you will never have to worry. The screen will not get scratched from falls. The vibration from the fall will not kill the phone. My only issue with the case is that its sometimes hard to pull out with certain pants/shorts. But then again that's a positive because the phone will not slip out of your pocket. Even with polyester shorts. Get this case it's great and does the job.",0
There's not many options out there for my Samsung Epic 4g touch (Sprint) so I was happy to find this! I have the white phone and love this (light) purple semi transparent case. It doesn't add much weight or bulk to the phone and I love the side grips! All the cut outs match perfectly and the volume and power buttons are still easy to push! I'm looking into buuing different colors!,0
"The nexus 4 comes with front glass and back glass as well. This product comes only for the front, and therefore is not protecting the phone fully...",0
It fits the belt very well (including the case) and when the note 2 is in your hand - the case is very flexible and easy to sit with.,0
Love it!! Looks awesome on my phone easy on easy off! I love how thin it is but does a great deal of proction! I don't mean thin it just doesn't feel bulky! It's nice! Would def buy again! It's a see through light blue but on my black phone it shows a little darker! You can still see the s2!,0
"Looks cool, but connect is loose, phone moves easy. I would not buy again. Mine is in a desk drawer.",0
"Purchased this primarily to pair with new iPad and secondarily with a bluetooth cellphone.  Packaging and quality feel of the unit is excellent.  This is not a cheap device.  You do pay a bit more for the quality.

It pairs with the iPad perfectly following the easy directions in the owners manual.  iPad discovered this device almost instantly and paired with it without inputting any codes.  Once paired with the iPad, all audio which normally comes out of the iPad speaker plays through this system.  Volume is then controlled by volume controls on this device and not the iPad.  Sound quality is far superior to the iPads small speakers and matches or exceeds all portable battery powered speakers I've listened to in its size range.  Its small footprint complements the iPad and makes it an ideal traveling companion.

It also pairs with my bluetooth cellphone and allows pairing to both my phone and iPad at the same time.  So far, it exceeds my expectations and complements my iPad and cellphone perfectly.  Additionally, I also use Apple's wireless bluetooth keyboard with my iPad.  The wireless keyboard and this device operate fine together without any disruption or interference to either device.

Highly recommended.",0
"Great case for iphone 5 , high quality , fits well , light & slim , nice colors & showing the apple logo from the back .",0
"This hello kitty iPhone 4/4s case is completely adorable! It arrived faster than Amazon said it would, and it was in perfect condition! It's a hard case and it's comfortable to hold (which I was somewhat worried about when I ordered it).

I'm definitely going to be ordering this case in different colors!!",0
"I just received it today, the packaging is very nice. It is high quality, not like cheap product. The main thing, it works with the Rearth Ringke Slim Lite case. Generous accessories are included.
I cannot say anything bad about this product but I wish I can fold the docking station when I place it in my bag.",0
"Like other reviewers mentioned, this thing has a great build quality overall- very sturdy and solid. I installed it using a suction cup on the windshield about 2 weeks ago and despite the car being parked and driven under tropical sun, it still hasn't fallen off ! It really SUCKS (the only time when that's a good thing !)
It comes with 2 cradles- iPhone-specific and one generic for use with any GPS, phone, etc
Regrettably, the iPhone cradle can only be used without any skin/case on the iPhone (even the thinnest Incipio Feather case I'm using is too big to fit in the cradle). Removing the case from iPhone and putting it back every time I enter/leave the car seems rather impractical and will surely scratch up the iPhone, so might as well not use the case in the first place.
Instead, I'm using the generic cradle for the iPhone which works well, has a good grip and is easy to get the phone in and out. But (and here's a big BUT), the two supporting brackets on the bottom of the cradle prevent the charging cable to be used with the iPhone ! The workaround would be to fold these two brackets (i.e. not use them) and just handle the phone carefully when removing from the cradle (not to let it slip and fall).
Still, this is probably the best quality car holder available.

Note- Iphone cradle fits iPhone 3GS (which is what I have) well (without any case/skin obviously)",0
"I just got this item today for my white Sprint Galaxy S3.  Its very light and mostly flexible and doesn't add much bulk.  It has very nice textured grips on the sides so no more slipping.  The back is slightly frosted and the color is almost neon.  I would have given this 5 stars, but the buttons are slightly difficult to press though that will probably change with time.  All the cutouts are where they should be and all the ports are accessible.  I am very happy with this case.  Also shipping was fast with Amazon Prime.  Ordered it yesterday with 1 day shipping and it hit my doorstep today.",0
"I like the product, and the fact that it came in package of two; I could keep one in each car.  I wish they would include two USB cables too; The price was very reasonable and I got them ahead of promised delivery time!",0
I was a little hesitant buying this as I work in a professional environment and I don't want to be embarrassed. It looked good.... really good.  No one knows that its a nano and they were impressed with the watch.,0
"First Look: Arrived in a very nice box, unit is shining new, nice carrying pouch, USB cable. A+ for presentation and could be a very good gift for someone special. Unit came pre-charged but follow instructions... charge it for a minute or so before use. After that, it's as simple as plug it in. Fast charged my HTC EVO 4G from almost empty to full in a very short time... sorry forgot to time the charging time because I was overly excited over this new toy. After that I charged it using an AC-USB charger until all 5 green LED's are lit. Concept: Neat and Concise. The battery extender could also be charged by a computer via its USB cable. Then the same USB cable could be flipped over to charge the phone; in my case, I had to use an additional mini USB to micro USB charging adapter. So 1 cable, 1 bat-ext, 1 adapter, all in a single pouch. A+ for compact. A+ for simplicity and nice touch on the little status button that tells you how much juice is left. Industrial Design: Clean line and 'Apple' like although the enclosure squeaks a little when it's being squeeze. And because of the shining effect, expect fingerprints magnet! Buff the prints off using the soft case, and it looks marvelous! Overall, well built and no gap, which show excellent workmanship and attention to details. Markings are sharp and no blemish found. Don't know about how safe it is as there is no UL Listing Mark on it; could be a concern for a rechargeable Li-Ion battery, which is known to go 'Kaboom' when being over-charged. Has some weight feel to it...feel like it's stocky! Good, I am expecting beefy juice out of this bad boy!

Since it's full charge 8 days ago, it now has lost one green LED without being used. Assuming that the unit discharges linearly, it would take 8*5=40 days to completely discharge... Recognizing that this a false assumption and theoretically at best, so don't go jumping all over me now! I will give the unit another 8 days to check if it would lose another LED. Then loading and cycling tests of the unit will begin. Stay tune.

Update Jan 2013 - After 2 years of using this device, it has paid for itself many times over. The battery appears to reach it's life cycle so I have to charge it more often to ensure I have backup power while traveling. It's still a nice unit when it was introduced at the time... simple to use, just remember to plug it in the night before your trip to have a full charge ready for use.... today there are many similar options to choose from other companies, and there are newer models from the same company... worth a second look.",0
"The quality is wonderful, however....the holder is so narrow that you cannot put a pair of glasses in them.  My husband squeezed the width of the holder to make it expand. He was able to accomplish the task enough so that our 7 year old granddaughters glasses were able to go in.  I must say that it is still a tight fit.",0
"Eat that Apple! With this little adapter cable you can connect a USB memory stick or card reader to your device and copy files over. Works great with my Samsung Galaxy S3. The cable doesn't seem cheap, the part that connects to your phone is slightly longer than other cables. This is not a bad thing, it mean it will work great even if you have your device in a protective case that prevents other connectors not to fit all the way.",0
"I bought an Anker battery for my Z710a Sensation because the battery life on them isn't exactly the best.  HTC has always been known to put small batteries in their phones, so this was a no brainer.  A 1900mAh battery to replace my 1650mAh battery?  Plus a free battery charger, all for about $17.00?  5 stars.  I can get my Sensation through an entire day now without having to charge it!",0
"Having never performed a repair like this before I did a ton of research before getting started. Watched a bunch of you tube videos on how to, read reviews on the various repair kits on amazon and from other online sellers, and looked at the tools for the job. I eventually decided on this repair kit as it was well reviewed by many other users and was much cheaper than some of the maybe more reputable online venders like Zeetron.com. Many reviewers said that the included screw driver was terrible so I went to home depot.com and found an excellent mini screw driver set with 4 different Philips head sizes (Husky 8-in-1 slotted/Phillips set for $6). Online the iPhone screw size was reported as #00 but I found the #000 worked best. Did not like the screw driver included in the repair kit and did not attempt to use it as stripping the little screws would have been a disaster. With my tools and kit I set out to do the repair. I pulled up one of the many you tube tube videos to guide me through the repair. The whole job took about an hour although I took it very slowly so as not to damage my phone. The most challenging part was definitely removing the old broken glass and the adhesive holding it in. Also removing the adhesive backs from the new double sided adhesive strips provided in the kit after installing the down side in the phone was also challenging. Let me stop here and say that the terminology of the iPhone parts is a bit confusing and that may be the reason for some of the poor reviews this product has received. Seems that most of people who gave poor reviews did not understand what they were buying and what the repair would entail. This kit is for the glass and digitizer. There is no real feasible way to replace just the glass and at this price what would be the point. I do not even think you can buy the glass and digitizer separately. Many sites refer to this part as the ""glass"" or ""digitizer"" but rest assured the part you are buying contains both. The presence of the little electric cable sticking out the bottom of the glass in the online pictures tells you so. Replacing just the glass/digitizer is definitely most cost effective but also the most difficult way to replace the glass. For the faint of heart I believe you can by the glass/digitizer installed in a mid frame assembly negating the need to remove the glass from the mid frame yourself. More $ for this. Finally for the totally simple repair you can buy complete replacement for the iPhone glass assembly which includes glass/digitizer, mid frame, and LCD. This only requires taking out 2 screws and detaching/re-attaching the 3 cables that go from the screen to the body of the phone. More $$$ for this.

With patience and good preparation this repair went smoothly and was quite satisfying to do.

At the end I had a working iPhone with the repair costing me $12 including the mini screw driver set I am sure I will use many times again in the future. The repair at my local phone repair store would have cost me $60 + tax. Not a bad deal!

Pros:
Kit exactly as described on Amazon
Worked great from the initial install
Great kit if you understand the part you are ordering and what is required for its installation

Cons:
Bad screw driver - buy your own #00 and/or #000 Phillips for the job
Getting the backs off the adhesive strips was tough - pull tabs with no adhesive under would have been helpful

Highly recommend!",0
"Bought this case as a Christmas gift for my Daughter & she is VERY pleased with it! The design is so much more prettier in person than in a picture on a computer =)
VERY VERY fast delivery & packaged very safely. Will be ordering more!",0
"It arrived quickly, same day i received the Epic. I ordered it because the Other one available on Amazon was bit longer than the phone which my friend had used, so I decided to give this one a try.

Installation was easy, the bubbles are easy to get rid of, I found a tiny lint after the install, followed the instruction and got rid of it using a piece of tape. The film is very clear, as if it was never there, the same friend of mine who got the other protector ordered this one after seeing how well it fits.

Touch screen response is excellent; the only minor complaint I have is it attracts fingerprint, but can be cleaned easily. Since it is more like a plastic film than the rubbery film like some invisible shields, I am suprised that it did not have any tiny scratch while using the included plastic bubble remover. So it passed my initial durability test, i shall see how well it lasts after month or two.

It comes in a more expensive looking plastic container, so the chance of it gets bent during shipping is highly unlikely.

By the way, there are two films in the package, for the price and the look, it is hard to beat.",0
I love this blue case & holster (both have kickstands).  I bought this for my new galaxy note 2. I love it. It is sweet. No ports get blocked and there is easy access when you have to charge the phone. So in all I am very pleased with this item.,0
"I have yet to find an iPhone 5 case that will accomodate the plug from my Shure headphones, so I'm left using these kinds of adapters or going without a case.

When it arrived, this unit seemed more durable than others - and it may have lasted slightly longer - but in the end it wasn't up to daily use in my pocket.",0
"I love everything about this phone; especially the form factor.

Only caution is your current Bluetooth device most likely will not work due to narrow compatibility specifications on this phone. My Jawbone Icon kept connecting and disconnecting. So bought a brand new BlueAnt Q2..same thing. So did a Google Search on Lumia 800 Bluetooth Compatibility and a number of articles and blogs appeared about this issue.
Just ordered a Nokia J which I hope will offer full compatibility..
(edit) Received the Nokia J and of course it works flawlessly. So Nokia, +10 points for coming up with kickass products, but MINUS 10 for screwing around with your specs so I'm forced to purchase your stuff and can't use other devices like I could with most any phone... (grr) Still leaving at 5 stars though...

Also, good for you if you are AT&T.. you will have 3g. I am TMobile and this only works on EDGE. I still love it though. Due to the fast processor, most sites come right up.
Anything media-rich you need to WiFi.
However, for driving, Nokia Drive uses a satellite-direct GPS that does not require data! Just download your state map (FREE) and everything will come right up as quick as if you were on 4G! Last week I tested this at West Rim of the Grand Canyon and there is NO signal of any kind there.. But Nokia Drive loaded up and operated lightning fast!

In all, even with some warts, I think this is a keeper!",0
"It's not a terrible cover and I believe others have enjoyed as it does have a soft feel, but is extremely tacky and any lint you happen to have against the glass is trapped for good with no way to get off the inside.  I found much cheaper options like the following that install more easily and are more user friendly, not to mention cheaper ... check out this as an alternative option .... BoxWave Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX ClearTouch Anti-Glare Screen Protector (Single Pack) - Anti-Fingerprint, Matte Screen Guard Cover.",0
"I bought this for my iPhone 4. It's rubbery which I love because it's very easy to grip and put on my phone. It's very cute and the pink is a vivid pink. Gets lots of attention. I've had other covers but this one has been my favorite. It feels neat in your hand. A very cute Hello Kitty case, a must have.",0
"This was supposed to be an unlocked phone but it turned out to be tied to AT&T network. Software had been updated to 5.1 which made it more difficult to unlock. I spent additional $50.00 to revert back to version 4.1 then unlock before getting it to work. The good news is, once I got it working, everything worked perfectly. Shame on you Amazon.",0
This will be nice for going out with.  Lets me keep my essential cards and my phone in a nice compact case.,0
"I got this case for my Samsung Focus and second case that I got for the phone.  First one was by Incipio hard plastic case that I bought from Microsoft for 3x the price of this case and fitting wasn't a nice and doesn't protect the phone all around like this gel case.  If you are looking for a nice looking gel case that also has good fit, get this one! So far I am happy with the case.",0
"Unlike other reviewers, I've had no issue at all with the cord coming out of the base.  I think they missed two things.  First, the connector itself kind of snaps into place.  When I pushed it down firmly, it had a light click at one point.  And secondly the cord channel has holders that keep it in place if you push it in there completely.  So push the connector all the way down hard, wrap the cord tightly through the channel, and push it into the locking grips.  Then it won't slide and let the cable come out.  I inserted and removed the phone a dozen times and it didn't come out.

The headphone connector is neat, and flips down if you don't want to use it.  I don't, so I'm glad it won't be in the phone which would mute it.  The base clicks together quickly and can just as easily be taken apart if you want to take your cable with you.  There is enough space for even very large cases.  I use a very slim case so the phone just sits there separated from the dock, which isn't a big deal.  I may add a piece of self-stick foam on the dock to fill the space and make it fit more firmly, but might not.

I'm going to buy a second one for the office and might see if it can be adapted for car use.  I have iPhone 4 docks in my cars and have missed that with the 5.",0
"If you're looking for a case for your T-Mobile Galaxy S II -- I would recommend passing on this one.

First off, the volume and power/screen-on buttons are covered.  While you can use them, it requires a bit more force and you don't feel any type of feedback.  This may be more of a personal preference thing, but not being able to tell if you adjusted the volume in your pocket is annoying.

But more so, the cut-outs do not line up with the phone.  The bottom mic is covered because the hole is about 0.25"" off.  On top of that, good luck actually charging your phone.  Because it is off, the charger doesn't fully fit because part of the case gets in the way.  If you push really hard and get it just right, it will charge, but if you bump it, the charge stops.  I ended up cutting the case so I could at least charge my phone until my new case came.  Nothing like waking up in the morning for work with a 20% charge on your phone.

Bottom line -- save your money, go spend a few bucks more for a case that actually fits your phone.",0
"I owned an older version of the Motorola ""flip"" bluetooth headset and it lasted me almost 5 years. I think what finally did it in is that I always left it in my car and that's not a good thing when you live in Texas and summers get into the 100s. This one is just as good as my old one. It works perfectly - I've never had a problem pairing it with my work BlackBerry or with my personal iPhone.  I also like that you can simply flip the boom out and back in to turn it on or off instantly. A lot of bluetooth headsets have a button, and you're never quite sure if you really turned it off or not. With this one, there's no guessing.  If it's closed, it's off.  This also likely helps with the battery life because I am also very happy with that - I only have to charge it once every week or two.  One thing I don't like is the little ""startup sound"", but that's a minor annoyance that I circumvent by waiting a few seconds before I put it on after I flip it open.  I also don't like how teeny tiny the status light is -- sometimes its difficult to tell what the status is or what color the light is because it's so tiny. On previous models it was bigger and brighter, but they've really made it small on this one (about the size of a pin prick). But probably the biggest complaint I have about this and other headsets is you sometimes just can't get it loud enough. I assume the manufacturers want to protect themselves from people blaming them for their hearing loss, but it sure would be nice if I could crank the volume up on this sucker, especially when I'm going 70 MPH down the highway. Other than that, I am very happy with this headset, and if/when this one dies on me, I definitely plan on getting another Moto flip.

Pros:
o Long battery life
o Easy on/off
o Super easy to pair
o Small & light - easy to carry around and easy to wear
o Micro-USB charger makes it very compatible with other device charges

Cons:
o Max volume is sometimes not loud enough in very noisy situations
o Status light is too small/dim

Great price for a very good device.",0
"So this is generic but we all knew that for this price. Overall, it is a good deal. Initially I had difficulty figuring out the charge indicator since it didn't have instructions but I finally decoded it: if it's charging, it turns a pinkish red color and once it is completely charged it turns blue.

Instead of getting an extended battery, I decided to buy multiple standard batteries (as in about 6 total batteries). This way I always have a power source and I don't have to deal with a charger cord while playing with my phone, texting, etc. Another good thing about this option is that it keeps the charger port of the phone fresh and tight. Anyone who has had the same phone for a year or more will see that, eventually, the charger port gets loose and stops charging correctly or you have to have something holding the cord in place as it charges.

The negative to this method is that you have to take the battery cover off on a regular basis and if you're not careful, you can break the prongs off the cover and/or have a piece break off into the phone.

Anyway, this charger is cheaply made but it does the job. Just remember red is charging and blue is charged. It is slow to charge but if you have extra batteries, that's not really an issue.

I wouldn't recommend this to a friend without explaining all these things to that person so that they knew what they were getting.

By the way, here are two great cases/covers that come off quickly and easily to take off battery cover. I have used both for over a month and they provide great protection yet come of in a few seconds. Also, no plastic prongs to worry about snapping off and ruining the case. Thank me later:

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/OtterBox-Impact-Series-Silicone-Case-for-Motorola-Droid-X-Black/dp/B0045EHK8C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">OtterBox Impact-Series Silicone Case for Motorola Droid X (Black)</a>

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Naztech-Vertex-2-Piece-Hard-and-Soft-Cover-for-Motorola-DROID-X-MB810-Black/dp/B004E9T03G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Naztech Vertex 2-Piece Hard and Soft Cover for Motorola DROID X MB810 - Black</a>",0
"Its an excellent Android Phone. ONly drawback is its 1.6 but I got it upgraded to 2.1
This is not pricey and with that small amount its bundle of joy. I love it and will strongly recommend.

Good battery life, fast browsing. and After using iphone ... i still love android for the notifications and call quality.

Great to have this phone
-Sameer",0
This is a great phone for anyone who does not want to be locked into a carrier's contract. The description of the product was very good and matched the phone that was received. Delivery was sooner than expected. I would recommend both the phone and the vendor,0
"The unit I received was not retail packaging. It came in a plastic bag and did not include the ""in-ear hook"" or ""2 in-ear gels"" as described. I intended to use this in noisy environments with the ""in-ear gels"". I'm very disappointed.",0
I was pleasantly surprised with this case.  It fits the Skyrocket with the 3850 ma battery perfectly and looks like it would provide great drop protection with out being bulky. It's much nicer then the Sedio Surface case but works in the same holster.,0
"- Perfect fitment
- Textured backside so it doesn't stick to smooth surface
- Thin, so it doesn't add too much bulk",0
"I really needed a case for my Sprint GN2 and have always been a fan of this style of convertible cases. I've used them with tablets in the past and they worked rather well. First, the materials appear to be rather nice. Just holding the case it feels well built, descent grip, not slippery, and even has an almost leather-like odor to it. Not bad at all.

And because the back/front and 4 corners are covered, you even have a descent amount of protection. This leaves all of the buttons and ports easily accessible. The case is nice and sturdy, and as a result, does add some noticeably bulk, easily doubling the thickness. But you can see that from the pictures. No surprises there. It has all of the expected openings for phone, mic, and even the stylus. Although it is a tad trickier to get to the stylus since the cut-out isn't as big as would like. Could be an issues for larger fingers.

However, out of the box, the phone didn't quite fit all that well in the case. I had to bend the 4 grips just so that it would stop popping out so much. Now it's much better, but not as ""tight"" as I would like it to be. It's not going to fall out or anything. And at least the phone is very easy to take in and out of the case. The cover and leather covered clasp both fit and work very well. With a little practice, you can even open it with one hand.

The ""convertible"" portion works as expected. Just flip it up and set it in landscape mode and away you go. It has an indention to help keep it propped up in one angle. Although because this phone is so light, I've found you can pretty much put it in any angle you want. And with the new design they have, you no longer have to partially remove it from it's holder to do this.

The big issue I have is that there is no indention in the cover for the front Home button. So anytime there is pressure applied to the front of the case, the button is pressed and the phone is turned on. So if it's in a pocket, bag, or if you just happen to squeeze a at the wrong spot, you could have some issues. That's a pretty big oversight in my mind.

Also as mentioned above, the new convertible design that allows you to easily switch to landscape mode, also means there is much less support for the cover when it's open. Meaning it'll move around a lot more when not securely closed. Not a big deal, but worth noting.

PROS:
+ New more efficient convertible case design
+ Good quality materials
+ Moderate phone protection
+ Nice feel & ergonomics
+ Easy case removal
+ Cheap!

CONS:
- Poor fitment out of the box
- No home button indention
- Loose cover when open
- Small cut-out for stylus

Overall, when you take into consideration it's form, functionality, and especially price, it's really not bad. But the lack of home button indention and less than ideal fit are big negatives for me and will unfortunately prevent me from using it as much as I'd like. Otherwise, for such a cheap case, I'll keep it around and use it occasionally when not traveling.",0
"For the price paid, the T325 Bluetooth Speakerphone is very good - I have been using this for cose to 3 months.
PRO's:
- Easy to setup and pair;
- T325 downloads my contact list from my Blackberry and will verbally announce who is calling for all incoming calls (if the caller is NOT in my contact list, the T325 will verbally announce the phone number - a very convenient feature! Makes this item even more ""hands free""
- good speaker volume
- people I call say they cannot tell that I am on a portable bluetooth ""hands free"" system.

Minor Con's:
- T325 only comes with a car charger - one must buy the home AC charger cord separately (I ""upgraded"" from an older Motorola T305 which uses a standard USB Connector (which happened to be the same connector as my Blackberry) and of course that USB connector is incompatible with the T325 (T325 uses a MICRO USB connector) - I think its about time someone requires all cell phone devices to use one standard connector!!
- Periodically (once or twice a month), the T325 will inexpicably begin ""beeping"" for a second or two- on one occassion this lasted for close to 5 seconds (I'm assuming that interference from a nearby bluetooth device is causing this to occur);
- In the past 3 months of use, on 3 separate occassions, the T325 did NOT automatically ""pair"" with my phone as I entered my vehicle - No big deal, I just had to manually turn it on;
- Every time I get in the vehicle (even when I DON'T have my cell phone) like to clean out my car or when I'm working on it, the T325 will automatically Turn On - so I am assuming the T325 is triggered ON by a motion/close proximity sensor rather than sensing that the paired cell phone's bluetooth system is within 30 feet.

All in all, I am very satisfied with the T325, AND WOULD DEFINITLY purchase another one.",0
"I drive about 2000 miles a week, which means I basically live in my car. I have tried half a dozen or more car mounts for my iPhone 4. This is the best of all that I have tried. The suction cup is big and sticky. The ball mount gives you swivel in all three axis with a minimum of hassle. You can set the tension on the ball to the tightness you prefer. The rigid bar eliminates the annoying bounce/shake that plagues the Kensington and WalMart mounts. The fingers that grab the phone are easily adjustable left and right so you don't have to block the power or headphone ports on the phone. What isn't necessarily obvious from the pictures is that the bottom of the mount is spring loaded to tension the phone. It is quite secure, yet very easy to remove the phone when you leave the vehicle. You could position the phone so as to not block the camera, but you'll still be shooting a lot of the suction cup. All of the mounts I tried had an issue with that, but I am not shooting traffic stop videos with the phone so I really don't care. I am very pleased and would recommend this product to anyone. The only thing I would add is a cord clip to the back of the mount so my cables didn't fall away when I remove the phone. I use a grocery twist tie for this on mine.",0
This case is slim and sleek.  Fits well and is easier to take off then get on.  Only issue is to watch the rubber covers for the buttons since the hard plastic shell is molded for a close fit.  Very durable and is quite easy to clean.  I recommend this case over the Defender series if you don't want the extra bulk but still desire maximum protection.,0
"Well I have had an older basic Tracfone for a few years and have had affordable mobile cell phone use at very low cost for myself and my wife. I read the reviews on this LG800G and at first did not go for it because of some of the negative comments.  The phone arrived priorty Mail 5 days after I ordered it.  Inside the box was the familiar Tracfone package and the LG800G life time triple minute phone inside.  Also a sheet of paper explaining how to add the minutes and the pin number for the minutes on the same sheet of paper.  Activating the phone first online was easy(phone comes with 20 minutes), then adding the 400 minute 1 year (1200 after tripling) minutes using the tracfone online site also worked fine and i got 1220 minutes and 425 days of service.  This is the best way to deal with Tracfone...add minutes online.  My main gripe is the touch screen.  First it feels like frosted plastic.  Second it is not as senstative to touch as I hoped for.  I have an Ipod 4th generation and so I am spoiled.  I put a screen protector on it as soon as i could because it just seems very ""scratchable"".  I was concerned about accidental  Internet ""browsing"" but I was able to move the Icon for that off the main screen.  Also I tried the browser very breifly and it was just .5 unit for under the minute i was connected.  It gave me a warning I was about to go online and gave me the option to back out.  I did not go any further with that until I find the manual for the phone that is suppose to be somewhere on the Tracfone Website.  The Manual that comes with the phone (English and Spanish) is not bad for basic use but not enough for all the options. It doesnt tell you want happens after you hit the browser Icon...It will be trial and error as your minutes get used up. Text message was .3 unit and seems fine.  I have not talked on it yet but don't expect that to be any less than what I am accustomed to with my older Tracfone. This LG800G phone is ok but don't expect good touch experience. I wanted the ablilty to occasionally get on the web to check email and that is why i upgraded to this level. I liked the design of the Tracfone T404G slide out keyboard but was concerned about the many accidental browser button mishaps reported in the reviews...no touch screen to compalin about with that phone...so I did not get it...mabye I should have gotten it?  There is my remorse.  I am going to keep the LG 800G phone anyway.  I did not order a USB Cable because I have so many cables I thought i would have one that fits...WRong!  LG cable needed for this phone.  There is a $2.5O  cable on Amazon that I just orded today...includes shipping.  If you don't have the cable you can't connect the phone to your PC to put things on the micro sd card ( you need to buy that too)...it sits under the battery inside the phone...that would be a hassle to remove it everytime you wanted to add or delete MP3 songes or whatever to the card ( and mabye lose all yur settings you made on the phone)...so you will need the cable.  The 1200 one year minute deal is great  so I am happy with that.  Tracfone is still in my opinion a good way to go for people who want mobile phone use at the lowest possible cost.  Very nice to have when on vacation!!!!!  Good Luck with your decision and hope you make the best choice for you!  Hopes this helps!",0
"This case is very nice and it provides decent protection for the typical i-Phone user on the go without adding extra bulk or weight.

This case, which comes in various colors, is sort of a hybrid of a hard case and a gel case and it comes in 2 pieces.  It's really simple to put this case on your i-Phone and it seems to be quite solidly constructed and it fits my wife's i-Phone 3G-S perfectly.  Although this case does not come with a built in screen protector we have found that this case still fits just fine with the addition of a typical screen protector that covers just the front of the i-Phone.  I am not sure if this case would fit an i-Phone that is completely skinned so keep that in mind.

Overall, I think this case is a great buy.  I highly recommend it to those who want decent protection without all of the bulk.",0
"I bought this to hold my testing devices while debugging over USB. If the port is on the bottom and plugged in (like my Nexus One) it likely won't sit flat in portrait orientation. My HTC Incredible on the other hand has USB on the left and this works perfect.

Besides that, its not very heavy and isn't too stable. It always feels like it will topple over. So far the best thing it does is hold a Kindle 2 which doesn't fit my usage patterns at all because its light and thin over a large area. Overall, underwhelmed.",0
Fits fantastic on the LTE Galaxy Nexus with the regular battery.  Haven't tried with extended but I can already tell it will.  A little less bulky than the Verizon gel cases and cut pretty well.  Looks sharp and you can't beat the price.,0
I have never had a headset fit so poorly as this one does. The earhoop is not adjustable and hurts. It does not stay in the ear without the earhoop. Still trying to find out how to wear it so it stays on and does not cause great pain after a couple hours of use. The design needs a revamp desperately.,0
This item works GREAT and even if the case is on it. Extra battery charger has helped me tremendously. Keep a spare battery in BEATS ALL OTHERS hands down! Bought another for my wife. The extra wait is worth it.,0
I really like these but the quality is not great. I would have gladly paid a little more to have ones that last.  I ordered multiples to give to friends.  None of ours lasted.,0
"I've been using an iPhone 3GS for 3.5 years, and a couple of Android phones for the past 1.5 years (although I generally switch back to the iPhone - it just WORKS).  I was excited about the unlocked European Galaxy Note as I love WACOM screens.  My problem is that the Android operating systems on both the Note and the HTC Inspire seems awkward and buggy compared the iOS.  So here I am, 4 months in advance of my subsidized upgrade with AT&T, trying to determine whether I'll bite on the iPhone 5 or something else.  I read about  Windows Phone with interest, as prior to my first iPhone, I had several different Windows phones with the earlier operating systems. I figured I'd try Windows Phone 7.5 in the no-contract Nokia.

Positives
The phone works very well as a phone - great reception and volume, virtually no dropped calls
Windows Phone OS is easy to use
Syncs well with our exchange server
Screen is great
Office apps
Kindle works well
Nokia Drive is very useful, specially the latest version that allows downloaded state maps
My first LTE phone, and web connectivity is FAST

Negatives
Apps - if by the time my upgrade is available (February), the Starbucks and Sugarsync apps are not available in either 7.5 or 8, it will be a deal-breaker for me.  Those are  ""must-haves""

The voice-command cannot be disabled (at least I haven't found a way to do it).  If windows phone 8 does not have the ability to disable voice command, it will be another deal-breaker. I hate the fact that Apple will not allow you to disable the iPod app, and consequently I cannot have any music on my phone, as it will begin to blare music in meetings and movie theaters, even  when on silent.  At least Apple allows you to disable voice dialing.  I cannot use a blue-tooth headset without a simple physical on-off switch.  It is arrogant of Apple and Microsoft to not allow the disabling of these features.

The viability of Nokia.  I hope they are able to survive as they make great phones.

Not the fault of the phone, but it was advertised s ""New"", and it arrived with the seal on the box broken.  It looked unused and it has worked flawlessly, but still ..

Bottom line for me will be the features and apps available in Windows 8.  From what I've read, apps that are available for Windows 8 on the PC will be easy for developers to port to Windows phone.  If that is the case, I'm optimistic that my must-have apps will be available.  I'm looking forward to getting my hands on the Nokia 920 in the next few weeks, as it looks like my device of choice if I stay with Windows Phone.

Overall, I'm pleased with the Nokia 900, as it is a very competent phone",0
My HTC Hero fits great in this case. I like the fact you can thread your belt through the loops in the case so it can't fall or be pulled off.,0
"Unpacked it and plugged it into a charger. The second, third and fourth LED's lit up. Seemed to be charging OK, and external LED and laser light worked fine.

After about 30 seconds, all the LED's went out, the power button did nothing no matter how many time or how long it was pressed, and unit is totally dead.

Back it goes. So glad I spent the extra $4 so I would have it in time for a weekend trip.",0
"This case is a winner. The rubber edges make it durable and protective. The hard plastic back has small bumps and ridges which make the phone less slippery. For people with big hands, like my husband, this case makes the phone easier to grip. He feels the top on/off button is much easier to find and opperate with this case in place.

You may have heard that the HTC Titan has some issues with the sound quality. Phone calls are not as loud or clear as people would like them to be. This has nothing to do with the case - or any cover such as this one. I've heard there is a noise-canceling software loaded into the device (as of fall 2011). Unfortunately this software is making sound quality low or muffled. I believe the phone manufacturer is looking for a fix for this. Expect a software patch.

I only bring this up in this review because I don't want people blaming the case. It's a good one and I recommend it.

** Review Edit and Update ** here we are, May 2012 and the sound issues still have not been addressed by HTC. Hmmm. And it looks like they released a Titan II. Is that their fix?",0
Received this case before the actual delivery date and I LOVE it! It's cute & the colors are perfect. All my friends are always asking where I got it from. I receive alot of compliments on it as well. This case is better than an otter box! Def ordering another one soon!,0
"Almost impossible to put your iPhone into this case and 10 times harder to remove your iPhone.

The case is slick looking but they should have used an outer shell which was a little more flexible.",0
"This case is perfect for the Samsung Galaxy Note, it does not add any unnecessary bulk to the device,but still adds some protection. The fit and finish are top notch. As noted in another review, the casual observer would not be aware there is a case attached to the phone due to Elago's slim fit design. The rubber like texture on the case is a plus for me, it gives a nice secure feel when handling the device. Yet will not get snagged while removing from inside a pocket,and does not attract dust and lint like a magnet.

Another big plus,is that the case is compatible with the Samsung Multimedia Dock - EDD-D1E1BEGSTA. There is no need to remove the case from the Note when charging in the dock. Since the bottom of the case is exposed,the Note slips right into the dock with no case/dock interference,like some other cases that would not allow you to seat the Note fully into the dock for proper engagement to the micro USB.

I would highly recommend this case to other Note owners, and buy from Elago again.",0
"I amusing the same review as with the Krussel 95294 Gala as I could not resist and I purchased both.

This is a beautiful case, very soft leather but I bought this for my iPhone 4s. I use my iPhone naked without a cover and your iPhone will most definitely slip out, drop on the floor and might break.

This case is definitely NOT for the iPhone 4/4s except you use it with a bumper.

I am keeping my case hoping to use it with the iPhone 5, if and when it finally comes out, it might be with a bigger screen and the case will end up being useful.

I give the case **** for beauty and ** for usefulness for my iPhone 4, so a very average *** rating.",0
"I had a previous Speck case for an iPhone 4 when Apple was issuing free cases after the reception debacle a few years ago. It was the best case I have ever had. I prefer a rubberized grip case that gives a good grip, but is still relatively lightweight. Even the Apple store employees have recommended this case as a favorite and it is easy to see why. It is easy to add your phone, provides protection and some lightweight drop protection if dropped on the side or back (also pointed out by an Apple employee). There are the necessary openings for your peripherals and a covered button for the On/Off switch. The grip is great and you can charge and sync in the case with no problems! This is the only case I use for my phones. I highly recommend them.",0
does the trick and tastes way better than the rest. i will buy this product before any of the others on the market.,0
"this is awesome product. i love the soft rubbery feel to the protectors. one and only con this type of shield is thicker which is good. but may not be compatible with other cases. couldn't fit my phone back in my otterbox case lols. or slider cases.
but honestly its amazing product. easy to install and much cheaper and pratical then paying twice as much for the same thing and same product. pluse lifetime warranty which is always good! it does get scratches easy but that fine. as long as its not on my new iphone 4! same comparison to the zagg invisible shield. DEFF BUY THIS PRODUCT! YOU WONT REGRET IT! plus fast shipping!",0
I wanted a flexible case that would not add too much bulk to my iPhone 4 and this is just the ticket. Easy to get out of your pocket and to grip. Fits snugly. I highly recommend it.,0
"The black/gray looks very nice and the sides are very easy to grip in your hand. I do like the large corners the Ballistic models have, but Ballistic my wife has is slippery which I do not like, no wonder why they have the large corners.

<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/SPIGEN-SGP-HTC-One-X-Steinheil-Screen-Protector-Ultra-Oleophobic/dp/B007USFS8O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">SPIGEN SGP HTC One X Steinheil Screen Protector [Ultra Oleophobic</a>]

I got this screen protector for my wife's phone, it was so nice I cut the top down 1/32 of an inch so it would fit my phone.

This combination works wonderfully well, the phone is just about as protected as it can be and the screen stays much cleaner.

What I like the best about this case is how it feels in my hand, it makes the phone much more secure not only if you drop it, but it sticks in your hand very nicely so you are much less likely to drop it.",0
This soft silicone rubber (with hard plastic inner case) phone cover provides that extra bit of protection you need if you should ever drop your SmartPhone. It also gives you a much better grip on the phone - - - so you don't drop it in the first place. It's an inexpensive way to protect a very expensive phone. The pop-out easel leg is a nice feature too.,0
"This case appears to protect the Droid4 better then the Otterbox case.
Also the Otterbox has a tall thing top frame that is uncomfortable against the ear, the Trident case has a wide flat topped frame that is acceptable.
The wide frame does hinder access to the number keys, but I can still access them and this case will be used when I need the additional protection. (working on hard surfaces)
The Puregear kickstand case is my everyday case.",0
"this is a great product and since the phone goes into 'car mode', this dock is much more valuable than just holding your phone for you.

best features:
- puts the phone into car mode, with outstanding functionality for driving (bigger buttons, only what you need while driving, etc..can get out of car mode if needed.)
- makes google navigation available easily - yes the only part of this the dock does is put the phone into car mode, but the google navigation is absolutely incredible
- car doc itself is very well made and great fit, unlike a generic holder
- combined audio and power cord - this is outstanding - much cleaner looking and very convenient
- cigarette lighter power plug has a second USB outlet
- works with the very inexpensive but decent 'empire' brand case (and probably others too, but not otterbox)- you don't have to take your phone out of the case to use it
- allows excellent positioning of the phone on the dash so you don't have to take your eyes off the road (much safer) vs. using nav by holding the phone in your hand

only part I question is the integrated power plug that goes into the phone - looks like  you need to be careful to insert your phone very straight so as not to either break the plug or you phone .. wasn't any trouble to do, but it's the one possible point of failure on the dock.

it's a little pricey, but I see why they did it this way, (a) b/c of the great quality / features, and (b) I think it's priced to be a profit maker for motorola and they meant it to be compared to the price of a separate GPS unit itself (e.g. spend less than a GPS unit and get a GPS unit, integrated to phone, I think is their thinking, rather than what should a good quality doc cost). but for me, the safety factor together with the added features make this worth it.

NOTE, it's hard to tell from the photo, but the power cord plugs into the back of the doc, and the power plug built into the doc stays there to receive your phone .. so you just slide your phone in, and it's all powered up in one motion - you don't need to insert your phone then plug it in.",0
I purchased this for my wife and I's Motorola RAZR's. Stands are great. Well made. I use my phone for an alarm clock and the phone sits up nicely.,0
"Im a General contractor and i just bought sgs3 and i don't want to see my investment get damaged like other phones that i had , with this case in the first two day it saved my phone very durable and good quality consider the low price so all in all , buy this and enjoy",0
"Rubberized coating on the shell began to flake off after 2 week's use.  Better it takes the abuse than my Droid Charge, though.  Phone can only be removed from the holster by pushing up from the bottom.  You cannot remove the phone from the holster by grabbing the top of the phone.

Also, you can't charge the phone while it is in the holster.  The charging cord will not plug into the charge port.  The holster interferes with the interface.  You have to remove the phone from the holster to charge it.",0
"The unit looks well made, the ""adhesive"" pad is really just a supersticky silicone pad (not a permanent pad). The clamp works well on my HTC Thunderbolt Android phone, older HP standalone GPS, and a 5"" Samsung Galaxy media player. The 5"" player looks to be the maximum size for the jaw - certainly a 7"" tablet won't fit in there.

I was able to drive with the 5"" Samsung unit clamped in the jaw in normal surface street traffic and the unit didn't move at all. You might have to have your device offset to one side so the ""jaws"" of the clamp don't hold down a button.

Normally you don't want to leave an item like this out (it would attract thieves) and so the silicon pad won't leave a permanent mark on the dash. It does fit into my glovebox but it's a little bulky. I kept the plastic covering the pad so I can stick it back on there and keep the silicone clean.

The only quibble I have is that the bottom of the unit won't stay flat - it looks like it's sort of puffed up, so the edges of the unit don't sit flat on the dash.

Still, I plan to buy another for our second car, it's one of the better solutions for those who hate using suction-cup beanbag mounts, it's more compact than one of those (and no suction cup to pop loose unexpectedly from the beanbag...).",0
"First of all, this seller its shady would you anything that but to ""listen"" customers requests. He charged me $50 for a tiny box that weights less than a pound. Secondly I asked to cancel this order, which did not happen, and lastly the item doesnt work its garbage, the screen doesnt respond you click something and shows up a different character its a mess.
If you don't want to go have horrid time you have been warned this seller its dishonest.",0
"It fits my Thunderbolt with the 2,750 battery perfectly.

I also frequently drop my phone and the battery and cover go flying.  This should prevent that from happening and should extend the life of my TB dramatically.

However, I just realized that they also make a 1 piece cover called SURFACE (it does not seem to be listed on amazon).

This cover is two separate pieces.  A silicone inner cover (the ""skin"") and a harder shell with 6 arms (the ""skeleton"") that wrap around the inner cover at the corners and two at the sides.  There is a kickstand in the skeleton that you used instead of the kickstand built into the TB.

The very nice thing about this kickstand, is that it can support the phone from either side, which enables charging while you are watching a movie... very cool.

I do not really notice much of a decrease in sound coming from the speaker phone (as others have mentioned).  I'd rather have the 2 way kickstand than that extra 2 decibels.  I seldom use that speaker anyway.

Note that Seidio is currently selling a desktop stand/charger that allows you to not remove this case and charge it while it is one its side (see comments)

I have also cut out the volume controls so that I am no longer accidentally changing the volume every time I touch the phone.",0
It recharges my phone and costs 1/3 what they charge in the Verizon store.  This is also LG branded.  What more can you ask for?,0
"I really have enjoyed using this headphone amplifier. It is easier to hear everything with using these and my awesome headphones. I have used these with two different headphones. I am not an audiophile my any means, but I still have really enjoyed using this Fiio E6 headphone amp.

As for the splitter - nothing is wrong with it. A little flimsy, but it is built well where it matters. I have enjoyed using this too!

Great overall purchase. I highly recommend this product and think that anyone wanting more focused sound needs to look here

Felt the need to update this review a little since it is a little out of date. I have recently used this amp to power my audiotechnica headphones. When I was studying, it gave the music a very solid sound. I used this amp because I like to listen to instrumental music while studying. The music was so clear. Even after using this amp for nearly 4 years, it still is up to par. For the price, what more could you ask for from a portable headphone amp. I paid full price for this amp and provided my honest opinion because I hope to help out any potential buyer to know what my thoughts were on it. Hopefully this helped!.",0
"<div id=""video-block-R1RYTSL48DOFBY"" class=""a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block""></div><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1IJnepsB8S.mp4"" class=""video-url""><input type=""hidden"" name="""" value=""https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81IxMSVnTWS.png"" class=""video-slate-img-url"">&nbsp;This video will show you this after market cable. It works great and it is not cheap construction either. Works on my iphone 4 and ipad. Charges great. It is the same size as the OEM cable from about which is about 3ft. Quality I would say they are about the same.",0
"On a recent trip the IMP500 recharged my cell phone and operated and recharged my Nook color reader twice without needing recharging itself.  The Nook color reader has about an 8 hour battery life on its own. Using the IMP500 I was able to continue reading past 12 hours, plus it was 3/4 charged when I disconnected the NOOK. The IMP500 perfomed as advertised. It's easy to use and light to carry. When using the NOOK reader, I just dropped the IMP500 in my shirt pocket connected to the reader by the NOOK USB cable. I highly reccommend acquiring a short pocket if you do not already have one. Recharging is fairly quick with any of the standard usb chargers (the one it comes with, the NOOK charger, or an Apple IPhone charger).  This is good, since it measns carrying only one charger.  This is a simple device that solves a major problem of not havng enough battery life in the devices you carry. It also charged my iTouch-4 with no problem on th esame trip.",0
"I have looked so many I phone 5 cases.  I have found this one to be the most perfect.  Fits tight, light weight.",0
"just got this for my iphone 4S; fits fine; works great; LOVE the whole design and idea...but it is HUGE;

everyone that sees me holding it says ""what is that thing? it's HUGE!""

It's really cute, and I like it, but I wish it can size down a bit and also, there's not much protection given to the face of the phone; wish it would extend out a bit to help protect the face in case of a drop....right now it's a flat finish, so keys can still scratch the face and if it drops it'll definitely hit the face....",0
"I have been buying Elago cases since my iPhone 4. Once again Elago does not disappoint with their iPhone 5 version of cases. I love the quality, look, and feel of the case. Also the cases are very durable; I have dropped my phone (from short distances) numerous times with no damage to the case or my phone. The case is also very easy to clean with a eye glass wipe or paper towel and water.",0
"Got this case for my daughter's iPod Touch.  She tends to carry it in her pocket and needs something to protect it from small drops and daily handling. This case does all of that and she loves the color.

The white does show dirt, but that's not unexpected. The only downside is that this case is not easy to put on or take off, so if you like switching cases or need to take the case off regularly, look elsewhere. Also, be aware that some of the edges of the hard shell are pointy and sharp. If you don't seat the case properly, these will scratch you.  But, if you put everything together right, they aren't a problem and really help with the solid fit of this case.",0
"I've tried various ways to mount my phone in my car. With most of them, the phone crashes to the floor occasionally, which I wasn't willing to risk with my new Galaxy Note. This is a very smart solution in that the mount is securely anchored inside the cup holder. The suction cup is attached to a very smooth surface and is very secure. I'm buying a second one for my other car.",0
this has been an awesome case. i have really enjoyed how light weight and thin it is as compared to some others i have seen. texture of the print feels good also.,0
this fits really well - i love the grip - the middle part of the case on the back can scratch easily but the top and bottom parts are ok,0
"I love this item. It fits on my phone perfectly allowing the phone to keep its slim profile and best of all it gives me a good grip, I have no worries about the phone accidently slipping out of my hand. You can't go wrong with a Body Glove product.",0
"I liked the cover. It is cheap, handy and does what it is meant for. The stand allows you to rest your phone for watching videos. The white color perfectly goes with phone color. I used to have a flip cover, but problem was it does not allow you operate in one hand. This one is better in that respect.

One draw back is after removing the stand that portion is not covered. Also, the stand does not go that smooth.

After using it for more than year looks like it is breaking. I may need a new one.",0
"This is a great entry-level Android phone!  I got it for myself, but gave it away to my nephew as a graduation present because he liked it so much.  At the current price point, only a LG Thrive/Optimus/Phoenix is comparable and the Samsung is much higher quality.

In the U.S. it will only work at EDGE speeds, so this is not a U.S. 3G phone.

In terms of responsiveness, the phone is reasonably fast, with no unpleasant lag or unresponsiveness.  The music player works great, and the phone itself is good as a cell phone.

Because this phone is unlocked, it works on many GSM-based carriers (AT&T and T-mobile), including overseas GSM carriers.  My nephew was able to use it in Panama and phone/text me from it.  It will not work with CDMA carriers (Sprint and Verizon, for example).

The Android 2.1 operating system is sufficient for most purposes.  You will need a google account to download from the Google Market.

The phone will have menus in a foreign language, but it's not too hard to find the settings and switch the language to English.  This may take a bit of experimentation, and the faint of heart may be put off by this.

Otherwise, this is a great entry-level Android phone from Samsung.",0
"For work I've carried an iPad for documents and a phone for comms, but no more, the Galaxy Note does both jobs, and it does them well!  It is absolutely pocketable, and while it looks big for a phone, the moment you pull out the stylus for a note it looks small for a tablet leaving people confused- hilarious;)  Note-taking is good but pen button could be better.  Battery life still testing but initial looks fantastic for a phone, good for a tablet.  Camera is fine and the screen is best I've ever seen.  HIGHLY recommended if you want to use your 'phone' for documents and notes and 'work'!",0
"My biggest complaint about my iPhone is by far, the battery power. In my opinion, it just does not last as long as it should. The Mophie Juice Pack Plus is a great addition to my phone. I do a lot of traveling, and with that, comes the need to be in touch with work, family and friends. That takes up a lot of time and even more battery. This is an indispensable tool to have in my day to day life.  The only complaint I have is that you have to remove the case to use any line-in device you might have for the iPhone. Other than that...A+++",0
"Case fits Droid Razr Maxx perfectly.  The rubber is in exactly the right place to make it comfortable to grasp and the hard plastic keeps it protected!!  My only con is that the rubber HDMI port cover(where I have to open daily to charge my phone) is flimsy, agrravating and comes open more frequently on it's own; the more it is used.",0
"This unit is the ultimate case for me. It has the nice soft silicone case for drop protection and the firm ""exoskeleton"" that protects from damage. It fits nicely and is easy to install and take off. I really like it and my EVO.",0
"This is similar to the cruzer lite case (that comes in a lot of colors).  This is not as good as a case.  It is a bit too thin - as in essentially no protection.  Looks nice, well made, and adds some grip to phone.",0
"after seeing some decent reviews of this product i was really hoping this would be a pleasant surprise that while not having good instructions it would work really well.

After fully charging it first via a mini USB power charger, i tried to use it on my cell phone.  It started working.  and i was ecstatic about what could be a great little green power making device.  UNFORTUNATELY, after about 15 minutes it stopped charging.  my phone only had about 10% more power.  My cell phone has a 2100mA battery and a max charge rate of 1A.  all within the design specs of this solar battery charger.  This thing drained to 2 lights after the 15 minutes of charge.  so the battery used about 2000mah to charge my phone up about 200-300mah.  and then it died.

Thought it was a fluke.  Tried to recharge it again and then use it on other devices.  ipod / Ipad/ old blackberry.  nothing would charge.

this thing is crap.  AVOID.  so glad Amazon gave me only a choice of a refund.  wasted too much time already trying to get this to work. don't want to bother a second round.",0
"After few months of owning this- ear piece (tip) broke. Those little guys add up. And I have been always very careful with it- even bought it a special case. Good product, but ear piece broke too fast, the other spares don't fit me.... so I am out of luck. Disappointed now...

*** UPDATE ***

OK, so I bought the new earpiece and it was working fine. Please keep in mind that the earpiece had to be replaced only within few months of me using it. Anyhow, Its been almost 2 years and I am sad to say that my BLUETOOTH is GARBAGE!!!! I just won't charge at all anymore. I am sooooo disappointed and mad. I mean two years is not that long for such an expensive bluetooth. I also cant believe how high the price is now! Its insane. I paid $50 for it then, and now its $90! Its an older model, if anything the price should have dropped not doubled. Needless to say, its insane to be paying almost $100 for something that won't even last you 2 years.... I really loved it despite the little hick up at the beginning, but its really useless to be forking out $100 every year or 2. I will npt recommend it, and the price is outrageous now.",0
"When I got my phone, I soon realized that because it was so new, very few cases existed for it at the time. After some research, I choose this case, and I couldn't be happier. I would go as far to say its the best case I've ever owned for any phone. It's tough enough to feel confident with, and it has a nice texture to it that allows good grip but won't get stuck in your pocket. The reason I choose TPU or ""soft cases"" is that they don't break after a slight mishap and I feel as though they offer better impact protection. They also don't get scratched, nor do they scratch the surface you place them on.

The case does add some thickness and weight to your thin and light phone, but its a compromise I'm willing to make if it means I can protect my investment. All the holes are perfect for the Skyrocket, and the lip on the front means I can put the phone down face first without fear of scratches or damage. It plays nice with all my accessories too, even my large headphone jacks. There is a cut out for the power button, which is good because the recess prevents it from accidentally getting pressed. The rocker switch for the volume buttons are bumps in the case, which gets rid of the tactile feedback, and the raised bumps means the buttons are occasionally hit by accident. It doesn't really bother me though.

TL,DR Great case, great price. Will protect phone without adding bulk.",0
This is an Original iPhone 5 Nano Sim Card. This Product for the Price is great ! If you go to the att store Charge you with $35.00 to $45.00 dollars!,0
"Well they did look nice, but right away noticed some of the edges and border were rough.  Also had a bit of chemical odor.  After a few days the ink was bleeding onto the white part of the case and made the case look dirty.  I ended up changing out for Laza iPhone 5 Slim Jelly Gloss Case.

Update: I want to thank John from The Friendly Swede to responding to the review, I did send back for a refund. Friendly Swede seems like a stand up company and I did order 9 x Premium Amzer Circle / Bubble Pattern Design Semi Transparent Flexible TPU Skins which seems to be better then these cases.",0
"This is not a 5* case.  Mostly because the phone doesn't lock in real snugly.  Snugly enough though to warrant a strong 4* rating.  I ordered multiple different cases for my Note 2.  This is the most attractive, of them all.  I know it isn't, but it looks like real leather.  It provides a good view angle for watching media.  It isn't going to be my everyday case.  That is an X line plastic case that I ordered through Amazon, that really looks and feels great.  This case however will be used at times.  It offer nice screen protection when closed.  It would fit in fine, in a boardroom.  I am very pleased with it, especially considering the price.  I will order from Bear Motion again.",0
"I ordered this with some trepidation at the same time that I ordered my Kyocera Rise for Virgin Mobile. I was worried because I noticed that this was identified as being for the ""C5155"" model and couldn't locate any information that the smartphone I ordered was in fact that model. Well, it is. But I couldn't tell that until I actually received the phone. I guess I also wondered whether a case that cost so little would actually work because when you go to Radio Shack they all cost at least $20.

Well, if you're having the same thoughts, worry no more. This snapped snugly onto my brand-new smartphone. (Just remember to copy down the serial number before you install it because the perfect fit makes it a bit hard to remove.) The design is clearly excellent and the cutouts for access are perfect. I love the non-slippery texture. And the color, OH THE COLOR!: I might call it scarlet or cherry red. It has pizzazz and depth and is not bright in-your-face red but a sort of dignified jewel-tone red that will allow you to find your phone if you've put it in the depths of your backpack or purse, instead of disappearing like all those black things do. It's gorgeous and totally perfect!",0
"the leather backing on it is gorgeous, the rhinestones all were intact and it fits perfectly. this is a gorgeous case for the right price... like to see similiar ones for tablets, but i guess i can't have everything",0
"First of all, the case is well made and I had absolutely no problems with the shipper. There are two reasons for my two star rating.

#1. The case is not made of TPU, or at least my understanding of what TPU is. It's a jelly skin case (the black part) with a hard plastic clip on shell (the blue part). The areas on the side of the phone that are not supported by the Blue shell are somewhat loose and do not fit snugly. I'm afraid this would allow for dirt and lint to get in between the case and the phone.

#2. My biggest disappointment comes from the fact that the case fit too tight over the power button and it kept restarting my phone because it would put pressure on the power button. The only way to avoid this was to cut out the black jelly skin over the power button area. Unfortunately this made the power button difficult to access (though not impossible).",0
"I purchased two of these because the price was so good.
Have been using one for a month or so & it works great.
It is a little tight since I have a rubber type skin on
my I-Phone 4s, but if you use the hole in the bottom of
the holster it comes right out. I also bought this because
it has a belt thru loop not just a clip so it will not
slip off.",0
"I had a close friend see this particular cell phone cover on my dining room table (it had just been delivered in the mail) and she tried to make it fit her iPhone 3!  She wanted it so bad.  I told her where I purchased it and how she could find covers for her specific phone on Amazon.  I hope she found this one for her phone.  I have 7 new cell covers and I love each one equally.  Sort of like your kids!  You don't have a favorite, you adore each one!",0
"With a pricing point this low I should have kept my expectations low, or I shouldn't had any at all. What you're getting is a 1650mAh battery in a bigger casing. Don't read too much into the reviews either. I honestly I feel as though the majority of them were written by persons who own or are paid by Qcell, something I am not.",0
"First day I put it on, my screen cover started to come off on all four corners.  I do not recommend if you use a screen cover.",0
"The extension cable is roughly twice the thickness of the standard cable that comes with your iPhone.  The extension cable locks well to my iPhone and iPad.  I prefer cords that lock nicely, especially when I use them in my car so that it stays connected during road vibrations as it sits on the seat next to me.  The extension also works to both sync and charge, showing me that all wires are properly connected.  If you attach this extension to a regular sync cord it'll be much thicker and stiffer.  The connectors are about 1 mm or so larger than the factory ones in width and thickness, and about 3 mm larger in height.

The sync cord is about the same as the factory version.  I felt this was a good value as a spare sync cord to keep in a travel bag.  The sync cord has the shorter connector and does not lock on.  It works to charge my phone when attached to my standard charger.  It also works to sync my phone with my computer through a USB port.  The connectors are almost identical in size to the factory ones, though the top edge is not rounded like the factory versions.

The extension cable is 39"" long end to end
The sync cord is 73"" long end to end

The velcro wrap strap is handy for keeping the cable looped when stored in my glove box.

My VW has an iPod-iPhone connection that is difficult to use due to a very short cable.  I use this iPhone extension cable in the car and it works well.  This means I'm happy with my purchase and was able to accomplish everything I hoped for with the purchase.

*** Update 25May2012 ***
After a couple months of daily use attacking the extension cord to my phone in the car as I commute home, I started to have a problem with the connector where it attaches to the phone.  Turns out the locking mechanism was locking a little too tightly.  The case for the connector has opened up and the metal piece that holds the lock in place came loose.  I decided to take that metal piece out and funny enough, it's working even better now.  It doesn't lock in place with a click but it does stay very securely.  I'm lowering the rating from 4 stars to 3 because I shouldn't have to fiddle with it coming apart and fix it.  I am happy that it's still working and will keep using it.  I do think this tells me the connector isn't the highest quality, it should last longer than a few months.  I have Apple branded connectors I've used daily for years now without them failing.

3 stars it's working ok, has a good price but the phone extension connector is weak.",0
"I've spent a lot of time trying different S3 cases, and ultimately have decided that this one is by far the best one currently out there.

Case 1:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/CrazyOnDigital-Protective-Cases-for-Samsung-Galaxy-S-III-S-3-AT-T-T-Mobile-Sprint-Verizon-Black/dp/B00805SDO2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">CrazyOnDigital Protective Cases for Samsung Galaxy S III S 3 AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint, Verizon-Black</a>

I wanted to protect my phone so I started out with CrazyOnDigital's case, after a few days I felt that it was too bulky and found it hard to get in and out of my pocket. I also quickly found that the battery in my S3 just didn't last as long as I needed it. After a full day of work and train ride, it was lucky to make it through the commute home.

Case 2:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Hyperion-Samsung-Galaxy-S-III-Battery-Boost-Case-Rechargeable-Battery-Cover/dp/B008M6UT9Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Hyperion Samsung Galaxy S III Battery Boost Case Rechargeable Battery Cover</a>

With the hope of something that was easier to get out of my pocket, and the ability to add some extra battery time, I began a new search and ended up trying the Hyperion case. When I got it, I felt that it wasn't nearly as protective as my first one, but the extra battery functionality worked well(ish) that it made me decide to keep it... I had a few problems where it would get really hot when charging, and sometimes when plugged in it would charge the case's battery but not the phone itself, so I would wake up with a completely empty battery on my phone, but a fully charged case.

On top of these problems, after a few weeks the battery was only adding about 20 minutes to my casual phone usage. I went to return the thing, but Hyperion's awesome customer service contacted me and offered to send me another one instead. Being decently happy with the device (other than the problems I mentioned) I accepted as they felt a new one wouldn't have the problem. The second one worked better, but after 2 weeks with it, it stopped working completely. At this point, I decided I'd look at if there were any new options, which brings me to my current case.

Case 3:&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Xpal-Power-Powerskin-Protective-Case-with-Built-in-Battery-for-AT-T-and-T-Mobile-Samsung-Galaxy-S-III-Black/dp/B008YAJY50/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Xpal Power Powerskin Protective Case with Built-in Battery for AT&T and T-Mobile Samsung Galaxy S III (Black)</a>

I've had this for 2 weeks now, and I absolutely and completely am in love with it. The phone fits snuggly in there, and it protects all sides perfectly. The material the case is made of slides easily in and out of your pocket unlike the CrazyOnDigital case. It doesn't get nearly as hot when charging as the Hyperion did. It is much smarter at charging the phone automatically when you plug it in rather than having to make sure you push the ""power"" button on the case to make sure the charge transfers to the phone, which was required with the Hyperion one. I do find that the USB port is not in the easiest place to get a plug into, but that really is my only issue, if you can call it that. This is definitely the case you should look into buying!",0
One of the best bluetooth headset I've used. Connects fast to phone and announces status with voice notifications. Sounds is clear. Battery life great. I would love if it would have a dedicated power switch. LG is getting better and better.,0
"This dock is very sturdy and heavy like a paper weight when the phone is in it which I like very much. It will stay in place on your desk without tipping or moving as it has rubberized feet and the phone sits in it with a slight tilt. I wanted to add that I have the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/OtterBox-Commuter-Series-Case-for-HTC-EVO/dp/B0043GWE1A/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">OtterBox Commuter-Series Case for HTC EVO</a>&nbsp;and you can keep it on while using this dock which is the reason I bought this. The reason I gave it only 4 stars was because on the first couple attempts trying to get the Evo using the Otterbox case to sit just right and into the charing port, it scratched a little bit around the mini-usb charging port on the phone. It's nothing horrible, but it definitely made a couple cosmetic nicks. Just be careful lining it up correctly if you have a case on. Other than that, I love this cradle charger and highly recommend it for EVO 4G owners especially if they have the OtterBox Commuter-Series Case for HTC EVO.",0
"Okay, yes... What some of the other reviewers have said is true: The stock ROM on this phone has problems with GPS and a few other things. When reviewed using stock ROM, I'd have to say this is a 3.5-star phone because of those issues, and Motorola's decision to ignore those problems.

Thankfully, the Android community doesn't let stuff like that go without fixing it, and so there are a few different custom ROMs to run on the Motorola Triumph. CM7 runs great, fixes the GPS issues, and grants all sorts of OS improvements that should have been there from the start. It does have some negatives, like taking time before they get around to implementing the HDMI port, and having minor issues with having both WiFi and Bluetooth running at the same time (major battery drain if you do this), but the gain in having a fully-working phone that can hit the GPS satellites, maintain call quality, make WiFi calls, do wireless tethering, and other improvements and upgrades is worth it, if you ask me.

With CM7 installed, the phone is stable and performs like it should have out of the box. It's a little tricky getting it installed, but once you do it you'll be happy you picked up a Motorola Triumph. Add to that the fact that you can still use Virgin Mobile's super-cheap thirty-five dollar monthly plan to get 300 talk minutes plus unlimited data and texts, and you've got a winner here.

Even if you do stick with stock Android, you'll be happy. But with CM7 this is a powerhouse for the price.",0
"Just confirming some of the other posts....

""...though it's textured, is incredibly slippery..."" That is not my experience. But some people's hands may be more oily than others. The outer case adds a degree of confidence that the phone will not slip out of my hands.

""... has a pretty thick silicone inner layer along with a hard plastic outer shell however silicone is somewhat flappy"" Yes, absolutely true on both accounts. It would have been much better to have just a bit more flex to the outer shell and had its inside padded for single unit.

""...It was tricky to get the inner and outer case aligned properly and the outside layer..."" Yes, absolutely true. To add to that: I bought additional batteries because the Infuse eats power like it was candy. So at least twice daily I'm swapping batteries which means removing the covers.

""...case does nothing to protect the only truly vulnerable part of the phone: the screen."" Absolutely true. But then I don't know of ANY Android case that does, do you? What the case DOES do is provide a lip around the outer edges of the front of the phone so that if it dropped flat, face down, the glass would not take the full impact.

""...The single, cheesy, so-called ""screen protector"" is utterly USELESS...."" I didn't even try applying it. However, the glass being used in many smart phones is already tempered to withstand abuse (to some degree), so no other protection is really necessary anyway. [...]",0
"Just received my charm yesterday. First thing I did was put clear nail polish all over the jewels on the heart. The part that plugs into the audio jack is flexible--Not sure how long that's going to last, but so far it seems pretty secure. It's much better-crafted than I expected, and the chain is just short enough to prevent the charm from getting in the way, but just long enough for it to dangle. I would suggest using protectors and/or a case, since the heart does dangle and bump against the phone repeatedly, which may cause scratching over time.

Overall, I am thrilled with this purchase, as this charm adds the perfect amount of girly and bling to my phone.",0
"This unit gave me a bit of a scare when I first received it, namely because after I charged it up from the wall, it wouldn't charge my Samsung Galaxy Nexus.  The phone reported that it was charging, but the battery levels just kept dropping.  I let it sit for a little while, then hooked it up to my&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Samsung-Galaxy-4-0-Android-MP3-Player/dp/B005P1VMLU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Samsung Galaxy 4.0 Android MP3 Player</a>&nbsp;with the latter at 10% charge.  The charger performed flawlessly, and later on charged my Nexus just fine.  Read on for the details.

PROS
+ Nice, solid design.  While it's built from light plastics, there's no creaking or flex in the chassis.  It's also small enough to fit easily into most bags, and even some medium-sized pockets.  While you'll have to deal with the cable, the included adapters mean that at least you'll only need to bring one.
+ Great capacity for the price.  Even if you never use the panel, you've got enough juice in here to fully recharge your depleted phone, and then some besides.  While I don't believe the true capacity is 4,000mAh (see cons and another review on here), it's not bad for a cheap charger.
+ The solar panel is a nice touch.  While it doesn't charge that quickly, it's useful on long drives or just letting it passive charge while not in use.  The light indicators make it pretty clear when you're in enough sunlight to charge, although they provide little information as to how fast the battery is filling up.
+ The panel actually will charge in some office lighting, just don't expect it to be fast.

CONS
- As noted in another review, I sincerely doubt that this backup sports a 4,000mAh cell.  My CDMA Galaxy Nexus has a battery capacity of 1,850mAh, and the status lights reported that the device was half full (give or take) after charging about 80% of the Nexus' battery.  I'm pretty sure it's a little less than 4,000mAh.
- The documentation is not terrible, but it's not helpful either.  The important thing to remember is that the battery will not charge your device unless you turn it on.  When you hold down the silver button for about three seconds or so, you should see the four status lights come on (or however many come on, depending on how much power you have left).  At that point, your device will begin to charge.  Once you're done (or if your device is full), hit the button again to switch it off.  Once your battery's charged, the backup battery will turn off.
- The solar panel will not charge the battery very quickly.  You can use it to trickle charge your device, but be aware that it is a losing battle.  I think I read somewhere that in ideal conditions, this panel will charge at a rate approaching 250mAh/hr, which would mean 16 hours of perfect sunlight to fully charge the cell.  That's never going to happen unless you live on the equator.  Think of the solar panel less as a way to charge the backup so much as a supplement.

On the whole, this is a good purchase, but have no illusions about how fast the panel will charge!",0
"The PV300G is a pretty good phone, with a few minor flaws. First of all, the ""sidekick"" feature on the phone is great, and texting is very convenient and fast. This phone may be a different experience for some,however. It's not a touchscreen, and you have to use the little gray ball on the side of the phone to click things instead of your fingers. It would be a little faster if you could use your fingers, but for me, using the trackball wasn't too much of a problem. The main feature of this phone is texting, and the main menu has 2 menus for it. It's user friendly, except you can sometimes forget how to access the settings menu, which is the upper left button. All the basic settings are easy to operate and change, like the trackball speed, and sound profiles.

The only few cons in the phone is that you can't set a song as your ringtone. My ringtone on my previous phone was always ""Day Tripper"" by the Beatles. Here, it was hard to find out how to change the ringtone in the first place, unless you go through all the settings. Then, once you get to the ringtone menu in sound profiles, you have to choose from one of the weird ringtones that the phone has provided for you. I can't say that they're the best, and some of them are pretty bad. If you want a good ringtone, choose ""fatcat"".

The second con I have is the games and the internet connectivity. The default game that was stored on this phone for me was ""Bob's World, LAKE OF DOOM!!"". It's a pretty corny platformer game, with this ball just bouncing around the screen. I couldn't figure out the controls. I had ""Opera mini"" browser on this phone, and I couldn't connect to the internet very well. Also, you can't check your email.

In general, this is a pretty good phone. Best for people who love texting To sum it up:
Pros
good user friendliness
awesome texting features
organized/easy to operate settings

Cons
Bad choice of games
Bad ringtone selection
Can't check your e-mail,not so good internet connectivity
A few settings that you can't find without extra experimentation.

Hope you liked this review!",0
"This is the only the 3rd Bluetooth headset I've ever owned and bought it based on all the reviews not only here at Amazon, but online as well.  The unit fits well in my ear with the standard ear bud and I like the clip for the ear as well since I wear glasses all the time.  The audio quality seems to be the best I've ever heard and the unit responds to my voice commands all the time, I've never had to repeat or revert to the phone (yet). I used the Bing 411 service once to find a specific restaurant while driving and that went well too.  Very simple and I think that voice control is the technology of the future and it's here now!  My only complaint would be that it seems that the battery doesn't last as long as the documentation says it does.  While I was on it the first day after a full charge for about 2 hours and about 10 hours of standby time, it told me the battery was very low.  That's nothing compared to the 5 hours of talk and 100 hrs of standby they claim.  It seems to be lasting longer today though, but I will keep the 4 star review because of it.

The VLINGO app that comes with it (downloaded to my BlackBerry) is very useful, but it has some quirks.  When initially setup, it will read your incoming email, SMS and MMS messages. Yes, MMS messages too. This means that picture messages are read such as ""message from 888111003243897848703980012487038038403"", subject ""47907847743029380483084208324234"", well you get the idea.  Once I shut off the email reading feature and just have it read the text messages, it's much more useful.  However, if the headset is not connected, it will read your texts out load (as in speakerphone).  This can be embarrassing in some situations even though it has a profanity filter, so be careful.",0
"Good fit and quality.  My only dislike is the feel of the back.  Hard to explain, but it feels like a fine grain sandpaper when I hold the phone.  Mildly annoying, but not enough that I wouldn't use this again if I need another case.",0
"I always get the Elago cases for my iphones and I just got this model yesterday in the mail and when I put on the case, it immediately scratched my iphone on the edge of the bezel on the phone, there needs to be a little bit of rubber added to the edge what holds the phone in the case to prevents scratches when putting the phone in the case. don't get this case unless you don't care about scratches to the phone.",0
"I picked up the Droid Razr when it first came out (was an IPhone 3GS user). Android system is getting better by leaps and bounds. I have a machine shop so I needed protection for the Razr and I had the Otter Box defender on my 3GS. The case is great and protects the phone very well. Unfortunately it had the same bad holster design I had on the IPhone. The reason is the phone ends up on the floor trying to ungrip it from the holster! You have to pry it away and off the 4 bumps in the plastic holster that grip the 4 depressions on the case. And forget about grabbing the phone and separating it from the holster with your free hand. It's 50/50 whether you'll hang on to it or it will just shoot out of the holster onto the floor. My cure in the IPhone defender was to buy a Seidio holster, it has a top clip to hold it in that's easy to operate and take the phone out. The down side is the Seidio has a fragile belt clip that will break say if you sit down in a car and its vertical. Any outward push with enough force and its gone. I am ordering a Seidio active case holster combo and hope the holster will also work with my Otter Box defender case. I'll have to watch the belt clip problem and keep my receipt incase it breaks. Seidio has a warranty of sorts I believe.",0
"I got this because I was looking for a universal one piece power adapter for international travel. My journeys take me to Asia on occasion. On this particular trip I went to mainland China, Korea and Hong Kong. Three different plugsets..

First to clear up some things I've seen on the reviews:
It DOES work on a 220 network.
It DOES NOT convert voltage to 110. Make sure everything you plug into it can handle 220 or the magic smoke will get out and your device will no longer work.
It works in the USA, Hong Kong, Korea and Mainland China (probably more)

Design
I thought the design was quite innovative and attractive. Everything is self contained, slides out, no adapters to loose. Even has a fuse.

In use it worked pretty well, though a couple of minor issues.
-The fuse is on the back (business end) of the unit, pressure applied wrong while fumbling can cause the cover to come off and fuse to pop out. Consider tape.
-While flexible it is a tad flimsy, the way the orientation worked out when plugged into the wall and then a power strip plugged into it sometimes it came out. Some work was required to keep it in.

I purchased and used this in conjunction with this power strip&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Monster-MP-OTG400-BK-Outlets-To-Go-4-Outlet-Travel-Power-Strip-Black/dp/B000F9YN2M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Monster MP OTG400 BK Outlets To Go 4 Outlet Travel Power Strip (Black)</a>&nbsp;and it worked pretty good. I was worried about a blowout but it never happened. At any one time I was charging 2 camera batteries, a cell phone, and Ipod and running a netbook and it all worked.

Conclusion
If your traveling and looking for a universal plug adapter this is a good one.",0
"i like this cover because i can put it on my phone and it matches up with an outfit that ii'm wearing, also it keeps my phone from hitting any surface hard when sitting it down. the only CON is that it will not stay on the phone",0
"this charger is pretty good for the price compared to other products like the 30 dollar seidio battery charger it takes about 10 hours to charge the regular battery that came with my evo and about 15 for my seidio extended battery, it actually made the stock battery for my evo last about 30 hours simply run the stock battery down to 10% then put it in the charger and plug it in and in about 10 hours the battery charger light would go from red to blue indicating a full charge and boom my stock battery went from giving me 10-15 hours with a task killer to more then 24 hours with average usage cant wait to see how long my extended battery is gonna last from using this charger :)",0
"This is a quality product.  I have the Verizon Nexus with standard battery.  The Feather case is easy to put on and take off, an important consideration for anyone planning on using the Samsung OEM car dock and/or OEM desktop dock that utilize the charging pins on the right side of the phone.  The case is grippy as well and fits the phone perfectly.  It has wide open cutouts that allow direct access to the phone's volume and on/off buttons without interference.  The case wraps around the back and sides and edges of the phone but leaves the top and bottom edge exposed. While it doesn't cover the entire phone like the Incipio NGP, the trade off is that it is extremely light and adds very little to the phone's girth.

I've seen other reviews in which people complain that the Feather doesn't provide sufficient protection.  I guess these folks didn't bother to read the advertising first, or didn't pick up on the fact that the very name (""Feather"") implies light protection. This case is for people looking to enhance grip and protect the phone from scratches.  If you're a brick mason, a heavy machine operator or are just rough on your phones, get something else, like the Incipio Silicrylic.  I have also read elsewhere that some people felt the need to modify their cutouts, but this must have been for an earlier version of the Feather case than the one I have.  It needs no modification as the cutouts are well designed and large.

Another nice thing is that the Incipio Feather case comes with a high quality dry screen protector.

If you are looking for a very lightweight and thin cover that protects the Verizon version of the phone (with std. battery) from light scratches and bumps, this is a great choice.",0
"I love the convenience of having a couple of credit cards, essentially my wallet, in the same compact holder for my iphone.  There is space to tuck a couple of dollars in the side pocket.

One other reviewer was right - the phone side is a bit loose, and I've dropped my iphone once.  Not a big deal.  The credit card slots are tight, so no worries about one falling out!

The snap closure made me rate durability a four star.  It seems like it might break with a lot of use.",0
This is a very simple but great bumper. The color is as pictured and its cute. Plus the rubber makes the phone easy to hold. Unfortunetly the rubber part does get very dirty and can't be cleaned.,0
"My wife wanted a phone that was a Swiss army knife, but didn't need a smart phone. After much research, I found the Rogue. This device has so many bells and whistles on it plus a slide-out keyboard. Beautiful interface, takes voice commands and easy to set up (comes with a wizard that holds your hand.)

Got a case for it for protection and don't think it will require an extra battery. It seems to last a while.

Not a heavy phone, but not light either. Feels like you're holding a phone, not a toy. I like it.

Nice camera and a dedicated voice command (hard) button. Like the fact that the app dock can hide if you want it to. The four icons on the bottom of the display stay there, but the side dock that scrolls can disappear at a click.

Very bright and colorful display - easy to see. Highly customizable. She loves it.",0
"The case works great but the second your hands are a bit dirty, so is your case!

Mine ended up turning this yellowish color after only a few weeks of constantly having to clean it.",0
It fit at first then it kept falling out of my iPad. It's really cute and fun to use though. Too bad I lost it because its small...,0
"I really wanted to like this case but it let me down for a few reasons.  The main problem is the flimsy and distorted thin bezel section that runs along the bottom edge of the screen below the home button.  This area needs to be reinforced with vertical ""crossbars"" (when viewing bottom elevation) on each side of the Lightning connector so that it doesn't move and is held in place snugly to the bottom of the phone.  Also, there was a general lack of fit of the case despite the tightness during installation.  This lack of fit leads to movement of the case relative to the phone during normal handling, and that guarantees abrasive wear on the phone when any grit or environmental dust gets under the case.  Because of the material used and how thin it is, it is susceptible to slight distortions from the molding process and the bezel that is formed around the screen was not perfectly uniform.  A possible solution could have been to make the bezel a solid element rather than keeping it thin but trying to form it into a semi-circular shape in cross-section.  Speaking of molding, there is a parting seam all around the case where it is noticeable because one's fingertips hold the phone in that area.  On my case, on the bottom of the left edge, it looks like a short section of the seam (perhaps a sprue?) was actually ground down by somebody in quality control.  One more gripe:  In the product photos there is no sign of any branding or logo.  In the delivered product there is a prominent ""MINI[ ]SUIT"" logo in silver on the bottom of the right edge of the case.  Personally, I don't like to display logos or branding, which is why I bought a case, not a bumper, in order to cover the Apple logo, only to be replaced with a Minisuit one.  Gentle scraping of the logo under water removes it easily.  Finally, I would suggest that the matte texture be extended to the entire case or at the very least the bezel surrounding the face of the phone.  The best part of this case IMHO is actually the buttons, although the plus sign symbol seems like an afterthought.  They work well but don't stick out and are less likely to be pressed accidentally.  They are rendered in a matte texture as well.  For now, I'm sticking with my Tech Armor ""frosted black"" TPU case, which is actually grey and quite transparent and the main reason I wanted to try this opaque black Minisuit case.",0
"Great clarity for all 3 areas; music, calls, and GPS. GPS volume tends to be much softer than the music. I guess I just have to fiddle with the music volume more or wait for Google to refine their GPS app for an individual volume control.",0
"It's not the best quality, stiching are not perfectly lined up.  but for what I paid for, I am fairly happy with it.",0
"The leather motif and case do look good. I find my DL, a Debit Card and Pass Card fit well, Dont expect to much as far as cash in it though.

With stuff in it the snap closes nicely. Without CC's or cash the flap is loose, looks a bit sloppy.

The biggest gripe I have is the plastic tray the phone sit's in. It feels cheap and does not give a reassuring feel when the phone is in it. I would have liked for the left side to have been a millimeter taller and grip better.

The holder is lined and I feel it will not cause any scratches to my phone.

If it wasn't over $30 I wouldn't ding it so much, but as it is, not sure I got a good value for my money.

The seller did a great job shipping, no issue's with the seller at all.

Update 2/6/2013

The tray is secure first off. No issues with the phone coming loose at any time.

The top edge and a couple other spot have rubbed off, if this were real leather it would add character. The problem is it isn't and the color under it is white, so the contrast makes it look cheap.

The interior with money and cc in it have held up nicely, no tearing stretching.

So, all in all, the price is a bit much for the product.",0
"I bought this case to replace a Griffin Survivor that covered all of the microphones making the phone hard to talk on.  I realized that this case will not protect my phone as well as the Griffin but it does leave the phone functional and maintains that sexy slim feeling that the iPhone has.  Just FYI...the Verizon store has a case that look identical, my wife has one for her phone.  This case fits the phone slightly better and is way cheaper.  Skip the Verizon case and buy this one.",0
"I just got this.  First off, this is packaged very nicely.  Comes in its own box.  when i took it out of the box, I noticed it did not feel cheap. I noticed that my phone fit snuggly within the cell phone area. I have a 4s and this fits nicely. The card side is nice and snug as well, I do not feel that anything will be falling out.  The pink color is a nice neutral pink, it isn't real bright, but it isn't muted either.",0
"This is a fantastic accessory at a fantastic price.  It has a huge range of motion - it can be easily adjusted, but stays in place.  When I go offroad, some tracks are so bumpy that the motion sensors in my phone get all mixed up, and the phone switches from vert. to horz. - but the cradle does not budge.

I have a Droid-X, which has a bulge at the top, so it is one of the ""worst case"" phones to use in a mount like this, but it is held very securely.  The elastic safety strap absolutely assures that the phone will not get loose.

Great accessory and an excellent value.  Don't think the low price means an inferior product - there is no reason to spend more for a smartphone mount.",0
"This case was just perfect for my daughter! She was having to take other covers off to use her USB port. She doesn't have to remove this one. Best of all, she really likes it and will use it!!!",0
"Recieved my Case today and I absolutely love it! The fit, finish and look of it is fantastic. The owner of the company contacted me and let me know some information. What a great seller and the service was some of the best Ive experienced. I will more then likely be going with this company for future products. The case is definitely eligible to be shown off in pure awesomeness. Thank you for the quick 2 day shipping and a really top notch quality product!",0
"I used this to get RCA output from the factory head unit in my 2013 Mazda CX-5 and it works perfectly.  The auto turn on feature is handy and saves running an extra remote wire.  I ran 4 channels from my factory head unit to this unit and summed channel 3 to the main input to get 6 channels of output from 4 coming in.  Setting the levels is really easy and I get a clean, noise free output and great sound from my amp.  There are even different ground settings you can use if needed.  Overall a great product and I would buy it again.",0
it look s very good it charges my galaxy s2 i9100 perfectly it holds it firmly .BUT when you want to get you phone out oh there you need two hands and a little bit of effort to unplugged the phone from the micro usb port. so if u are like me that uses your phone as a alarm its a pain in the a.. in the morning to get it out,0
"This device seems to be working fairly well - at first it was confusing and the manual provided minimal information -

I wasn't expecting it and I'm not sure why, but the IMP52D has a laser pointer - a quick click of the single button turns it on and off -

A 2 Second Hold Click of the single button turns the charging battery pack on and off - blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate the current level of charge - when I first received the IMP52D, only blue light 2 would illuminate - after a few hours of charging all 3 (blue lights 2, 3 & 4) illuminate when I turn the battery pack on

If the IMP52D is being charged, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate 'charging status' - at first, blue light 2 would come on, blue light 3 would come on and blue light 4 would come on, the all 3 went out and the cycle was repeated - after a while blue light 2 remained illuminated while blue lights 3 and 4 would come on sequentially and then simultaneously go out - eventually blue lights 2 & 3 are staying illuminated and light 4 is blinking on and off - after a while (about 8 hours) all 3 lights remain illuminated presumably indicating the the IMP52D is fully charged -

Apparently blue light 1 only illuminates when a device is connected AND the battery pack is on -

Lastly, another I wasn't expecting it and I don't know why, but the IMP52D has an LED light - a 3 Second Hold Click will turn the LED light on or off - if the battery pack was not on, the 3 Second Hold Click will also turn the battery pack on when it turns on the LED light - Turning the LED light off also turns off the battery pack -

Be aware, the IMP52D does NOT include a 110V USB charger - and it does NOT include an iPhone USB cord - it does include a USB cable with a USB 5-Pin Mini B connector and a USB 5-Pin Micro connector - the USB Micro 5-Pin connector will connect the IMP52D to a 110V USB Charger - it will also connect the IMP52D to my Kindle Reader - A cloth carrying case is also included -

I have chargers for my iPhone when I'm at home and in my vehicle - I'm hoping that I can put this in my purse and for those times when my iPhone is dead or almost dead, I can plug the IMP52D in and use my iPhone until I get a chance to charge it -
---------------------------------
Details -

At first I was quite confused on how to use the device and whether it was even working or not, so I kept notes as I 'played' with it - The IMP52D has 4 blue indicating lights, left to right - I'll identify them as 1, 2, 3 & 4 - and one button that can be 'Quick Clicked', 'Click and 2 Second Hold' or 'Click and 3 Second Hold' -

Plugged into USB charger with a cable to charge the IMP52D:
 * First received it, lights 2, 3, & 4 come on, one at a time, left to right and stay lit until all 3 are on - then they shut off and the cycle repeats -
 * After about 1/2 hour, blue light 2 is continuously lit - light 3 & 4 come on, one at a time, left to right, and stay lit until all 3 are on - then lights 3 & 4 shut off and the cycle repeats -
 * After about 6 hours, blue lights 2 & 3 are continuously lit - light 4 is blinking on & off -
 * After about 8 hours, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 are continuously lit, presumably indicating the IMP52D is fully charged

The IMP52D charged from both my 110V Apple USB charger and my Amazon Kindle USB charger - the IMP52D also charged using either the included cable or my Amazon Kindle Reader cable -
------------------------------------------
The manual identifies 3 button clicks

Quick click - this one is easy - it always turns the laser light on or off - although at first, I was mystified at why this red light kept coming on & off -

2 Second Hold Click - also pretty easy, it turns the IMP52D battery pack on & off -

I believe blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate the charge available - when I first received the IMP52D, turning the battery pack on displayed blue light 2 - after about 3 hours of charging, turning on the battery pack displayed blue lights 2 & 3 - after about 5 hours of charging, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 illuminate when I turn the battery pack on -

I believe blue light 1 indicates IMP52D is charging a device, that is the battery pack is on AND a device is connected - both must be true for blue light 1 to illuminate -

IF my iPhone is connected to the IMP52D and the battery pack is on
 * blue light 1 lights and stays on -
 * the battery appears on the iPhone lock screen indicating the IMP52D is charging the iPhone battery -
 * additional blue lights (2, 2+3 or 2+3+4) may be iilluminated indicating the charge level -

A 3 Second Hold Click turns on the battery pack (if it's not already on) and also turns on the LED light - again at first, I was confused by the white light going on & off -

A 2 Second Hold Click shuts both the LED light and the battery pack off - I don't think it's possible to turn the LED light off and not turn off the battery pack at the same time -

If the battery pack were on and you perform a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack will stay on and the LED light will come on - if you attempt to do a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack and the LED light will both shut off after 2 seconds -

The above Clicks all work
 * if nothing is connected to the IMP52D or
 * if the IMP52D is being charged or
 * if the IMP52D is charging a device or
 * if the IMP52D is both being charged and charging a device -

If the IMP52D itself is being charged, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicating the charging status, whether or not a device is connected, that is they will continue the blink pattern -

If a device is connected to the IMP52D to be charged AND the battery pack is turned on, blue light 1 will illuminate, whether or not the IMP52D is itself being charged - if the IMP52D is not itself being charged, the blue lights 2, 3 & 4 may illuminate depending on the battery pack charge level -

Update: the IMP52D will fully recharge a depleted battery (1420 mAh) on my iPhone 4 twice before needing a recharge itself - when I attempted to recharge my iPhone a third time, the IMP52D was able to raise the charge from 15% to 25% before it quit - also, it takes the IMP52D about an hour to recharge my iPhone -",0
Have had battery for about a month.  Seems to give me more than double the time I had with battery that came with the phone.,0
My nephew is gamer so this case fit his personality he keep asking when it was arrival and to his surprise he received  2 days early,0
"It does what it's supposed to do - cover & fit the entire screen of the Sensation.

Application is very simple, but a little of the white backing tends to stick to the film. It's easy enough to scratch off whilst installing it, though.

The instructions warn of some small bubbles initially. Many of them work their way out after a day or two & some smoothing. However, on both mine and my mate's Sensation, a few small bubbles remain. I guess, for this price & with 5 protectors, you get what you paid for.

Sensitivity is only slightly compromised. The worst part is that it has too much texture. It doesn't feel good. There is a slight rough feeling which sometimes catches my fingers - yes, even when clean.

I no longer use this protector because of the loss of response & especially the feeling. Fortunately, Sensation has gorilla glass and I use a PDAir case.

I can't recommend this product. I'd probably pay a little more next time in hopes for a smoother, bubble-free result. You get what you pay for.",0
"These speakers replaced my factory speakers, they are awesome.  They are clear and have more bass in them and they can handle the power of
my Pioneer head unit.

You may want to get one with mid range however for my use this is just awesome.
I put them in a Dodge Ram 1500, fills the cab with warm crisp sound.",0
"This is a great little case, almost on par with Apple's own bumpers.  I have one of each, so I gave them a direct comparison.  I love the red strips which makes it stand out from all of the other iPhone bumpers/cases out there.  It is also nice and flexible, making it easy-on, easy-off.  A good choice if you want to give your iPhone 4/4S protection without covering up the beautiful back.

But be aware it is not fully iPhone 4S compatible. The silence/orientation lock switch is slightly lower on the 4S than on the 4, and thus the case partially obscures it.  You can reach it, but it's not always easy.  Nothing a few seconds with a dremel couldn't fix.  But set your expectations accordingly.",0
"Okay, to start, I work around and in the water, in the rain, snow, weather, etc.  I've had an Otterbox on my Blackberry 8350i, my now retired Centro, and now on my Samsung Charge.  I schlep around the Blackberry and the Charge together on the same belt in Otterbox cases.  So this is where I'm coming from.

This case is large, as someone else has written.  And no duh on that.  The damned phone is huge, so the case will make it that much bigger.  Deal with it!

The Otterbox case fits very well onto the Charge, and the quality of the plastic and neoprene castings is excellent.  The clear plastic screen protector is integral to the plastic front cover of the case and it has no negative impact upon the functionality of the Charge's touch screen.  The belt-clip holster for the case is of the snap-in variety, not a true holster like on the 8350i or Centro.  For the uninitiated, what this means is that there's a little tab that holds the Charge in the holster and this tab must be lightly depressed in order to extract the phone from the holster.  This tab is pretty prominent in the glamor shots of the case.  While I'm quite suspicious of this design, so far there's been no problem with the Charge popping out (although I've had the case only about 24-hours).  The belt clip on the holster allows for the holster to be rotated in 15-degree increments as is usual for the Otterbox Defender cases I'm familiar with.  There are covers for all the ports (HDMI, micro-USB, and headphone jack) and these are all well placed and seal well.  There is enough room to plug my rather sizable after-market micro-USB charge/data cable into the USB port which surprised me after reading someone else's review complaining of the need to take the Charge out of the case to charge the battery.  The volume and power buttons are all very well placed and responsive.  As compared with the cheap plastic case I had before, these buttons are all 500% more responsive and much easier to locate tactily because of the bump-outs in the neoprene.

So, with all the above why did I only give this case 4-stars?  First off, I'm a hard grader.  Secondly, I'm not impressed at how well the case seals the Charge.  There is *NO* cover to the rear facing camera, the ear piece, or the rear speaker!  I didn't look really closely but there may also be no cover to the front-facing camera or the proximity sensor.  Having experienced the 8350i and Centro Otterbox cases with some type of white cover (water absorbing?) on the speakers and ear pieces of these phones I'm quite disappointed.  I envision being out in the rain and having one single rain drop hit the ear piece and fry the phone.  I consider this a big design flaw.  Thirdly (you are still counting, right) the neoprene over the four hard-buttons along the bottom of the phone is black (""no kidding"", right?)  But this neoprene has very little for the non Braille-readers to distinguish these four buttons from one another.  So where I used to be able to grab the Charge in the dark, find the power button on the side, and then proceed visually, now I still need to fumble around to hit the four hard buttons (Menu, Home, Back, and Search).  If the neoprene were *clear* or *translucent* then this wouldn't be a problem.  Also, I find that unlike the volume and power buttons on the sides, the four buttons along the bottom take a lot of force to activate.  I attribute this to the neoprene.  And fourthly the belt clip on the holster seems *less* beefy than on the Defender case for my other two phones.  In my experience the belt clip is the weak link on these Defender cases and I wouldn't have expected that the Charge's case would be *less* strong.  But, time will tell...

Well, that's about it.  I'll try to update this review in about a month.  I hope it helps people decide what they will be doing.

### UPDATE 10jul2012 ###

The above review was from Aug2011, now it's about a year later.

I still have the phone, I still have the case.  I think I'd probably give it 3.5 stars now.  About 8-months into having the case the clip for the holster broke on my belt (remember I said the belt clip was the weak link on these cases?)  Well, Otterbox honored the warranty and sent me a whole new case (cover and holster) when I submitted a claim.  This warranty resolution was easy and and part of the reason the case doesn't get fewer stars.

Shortly before this, however, the phone fell out of the holster while I was near the water.  Long story short, the phone was submerged in about 6-inches of water for 5-minutes.  I'm pretty sure the Otterbox case on the phone helped a lot to keep out the water (the red tattle tale on the battery is barely turned) and the phone is still, knock wood, working.  But, to avoid this problem in the future, I now have the phone in a Nite Ize case&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Nite-Ize-Clip-Case-Cargo-Magnet-Tall-1-Pack-Bulk-Packaging-Black/dp/B005KG46V8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Nite Ize Clip Case Cargo Magnet Tall - 1 Pack - Bulk Packaging - Black</a>.  The Nite Ize case only makes the phone on my belt a hair bigger than the holster from Otterbox, and I've never had a problem with a Nite Ize clip or case.

So, there you go; hybrid solution.  Hope this helps you!",0
"I shopped around for a few weeks before buying this USB hub. I chose it because of how many devices it supported and how little desk space it would take up.

Unfortunately I may have gotten a bad device, because shortly after I started using it, I discovered that a few of the connections didn't work properly. This made it a 3-port hub instead of 7. The connections that *did* work gave me no trouble at all, and because of this (and my laziness), I decided not to return the device.

It stood up straight fairly well, however, but the stand it comes with doesn't attach via latch or anything semi-permanent, so it can too easily be knocked off or lost.

I found the bright blue light a bit distracting as well.",0
"I held out reviewing this product because I had some initial issues with the unit; however, I continued to have issues with ALL of the replacement units.  That's right, I said ALL.  Within 1 year of purchasing the PhoneSuit Elite, I have had 4 replacements!  That's a total of 5 units!

While the battery life of the PhoneSuit Elite appears to dwarf some similar products (A fully charged PSE will fully charge an iPhone 4 from about 5% and still have a bit left in the tank.), the quality leaves much to be desired.  Specifically, I've listed some of the issues below:

* The on/off button didn't work on 2 of my units.
* The PSE would not simultaneously charge my iPhone and PSE; I had to charge the PSE, then charge the iPhone separately, and then charge back up the PSE.
* Somewhat related to the above issue, when plugged into my computer to sync my iPhone, the PSE cannot seem to invoke the appropriate connection.  In other words, before connecting to the computer, I turn the PSE on (It begins to charge.); as soon as I connect the USB cable, the PSE ceases to charge/connect, making it impossible to connect to the computer ""through"" the PSE.  I have to take the PSE completely off and use the standard 30-pin connector.
* The top clips are flimsy and slide off the phone very easily.  Imagine trying to retrieve the phone from your front pocket and pulling the top clip off or pulling the phone out leaving the clip in your pocket.  Plus, they break frequently.
* All of the battery indicators don't work on my most recent replacement.

Anyways, I hope this helps people.  It's important to note that customer service is marginal.  I have had to pay S&H on at least 2 replacements and had to ask specifically the other 2 times.

Good luck.",0
This battery was for an older LG phone. It was the same battery as the original and a LG brand. Works well with phone and the phone works like new. The battery arrived about four days earlier than estimated arrival date. My origianl battery can no longer hold a charge. This battery resolved the problem.,0
"Alright. This was my second time replacing a screen. The first time took me 3 hours. This time only took me 45 minutes. Once you get it all figured out, it's really not so bad.

This screen is a pretty good qualit replacement screen. I got it through the Zehai vendor.
Construction of the screen overall is good. Brackets are not flimsy and the frame isn't super delicately attached. Color of the screen isn't weird bluish or anything like some others have complained in reviews for other screens.

Ribbons for the LCD and digitizer are the correct length, just make sure to pull them all the way through and don't tug them.

My package did come with a small tool kit, however, neither were a magnet one, which you really need.
You will need a small magnetic Phillips head, a small flat head and the star driver. As well as the pry tool(s). If you search for an iPhone4 tool kit, the one that pops up and shows the little set is all you really need. All the pry bars are garbage and only seem to be good for one or two usages, but whatever. It was a couple of bucks.

A few things to note- the battery is REALLY friggen hard to get out. I suggest using the pry bar on the right hand side. That's how I finally got it out. Also do yourself a huge favor and google ""iPhone4 screw mat"" print that sucker out and use it to keep your screws organized. Pure genius right there.
Oh also, there is a plastic film on the BACK that there isn't a tab for you, you need to peel it off, in case you couldn't see it was there.

All in all this was a great purchase. Well worth the money and worth the hassle of doing it myself.",0
"I have purchased a number of 'charger/data cables' supposedly for the LG phones, but found that most of them trigger the 'this cable not recommended...' message on the phone.  This charger and cable are the genuine article and are free from such messages when plugged into the phone.  Truly a deal at this price, compared to the usual price for LG cable/chargers!",0
"This is my second time buying a USB cord from KHOMO & I've come to the conclusion that their products are only meant to work for a few weeks. Although the USB cord stopped working, the car adapter charger still works! It's really cute & small, it even lights up when it's plugged in. It isn't the color portrayed in the picture though, it's more of a fuchsia. The only reason why this product got 4 stars is because of the car adapter, would've gotten 5 if the USB cord wasn't included.",0
Really like the way it looks and is so different from other cases.  It' seems like I have a new IPhone.,0
"Motorola is clearly listening to feedback. My previous vehicle dock had too many adjustable angles that made setup more frustrating than it needed to be. This has a simple ball and socket design that permits plenty of angles for any setup.  It is also nice that the charging cord plugs into the dock itself instead of directly into the phone. Now you don't have to fiddle with the cord each and every time you place or remove the phone.

As per previous versions, the phone detects the dock on insert - along with the SMART Actions app, you have a wide range of control over what happens then (volume adjustments, gps on, wifi off, screen up, auto-reply texts, etc, etc). Nice accessory that adds a good amount of functionality specific to driving - a little expensive on its own, but a great deal when you look at the price of stand alone 5 inch GPS units.

Does not come with a charger (nice, since I already have several) but does come with a head-phone to head-phone cable so you can plug into some car stereos directly. Also has setup for both windshield and dashboard mounting.

Comes with custom fit pieces that allow for snug fit on both the RAZR HD and RAZR MAXX HD including with or without a protective case. That's right, you can have a protective case on the larger MAXX and it will still fit in this dock.

Update 12/3/12: I finally received the Otterbox Commuter after a terrible experience with Otterbox - I'll save that for a different review. The case DOES NOT quite fit in the dock as intended. However, the phone does slide in nicely with only the inner soft skin from the Otterbox case. This would indicate that less robust cases and skins would actually work. If anyone has tried other protective cases I propose we list them in the comments section. Sorry for the delayed update here.

Update 11/26/12:  I noticed one of the other reviews describes a problem with using the phone as a dashcam. I've taken a couple videos from the dock and none of the frame is blocked for me (I have it mounted to the windshield in this case). It's actually a cool little setup to record scenery or even the clever custom license plate. You can also switch to the front cam and record yourself driving if that suits you.",0
"I give this case a 3/5 because it is true to color and looks great and offers nice protection. It seems as though it was made in a rush due to the iPhone 5's coming out so suddenly because the dark purple rubber does not fit the phone and doesn't mold to it very well at all. It's stretched out and almost doesn't stay on the upper sides of the phone. The flap that covers the headphone jack and the lightening cable port are so poorly designed. They barely stay shut when I first put it on so I assume the more I use those flaps the more loose they'll become and eventually won't close at all. The sleep/wake button is difficult to press but not as hard as the last case that I tried by another brand and returned to Amazon. This is so frustrating to me because obviously that's a button that is pressed very often and they makes it VERY annoying. The volume buttons however are not terrible. They're alright to press through the case - slightly hard. Overall a DECENT case. The color and protection is on point, unfortunately the design and molding to the phone are very disappointing. I have yet to find a case that I love and that offers great protection. I don't think this case is bulky by any means. If you're looking for protection, it's a good thickness. I shouldn't have expected anything spectacular because there were no reviews prior to me purchasing this item but I did expect a great product from OtterBox. I assume it's a knockoff since they are not usually this poorly made. Hope some of you found this helpful!",0
"first off the seller did a great job in shipping this item to me.

Unfortunately it is junk.  You basically get what you pay for.  I waited two weeks to write this review.  After a week the connection to my phone became intermittent.

I am not going to bother trying to do a warranty exchange as it is not worth the effort for the $$ involved.

I threw it away.",0
"Otterbox for galaxy note looks elegant and feels durable. Perfectly fits the Galaxy Note. Easy to install and comes with two
screen protectors- for the International and U.S. versions. THE BEST! I ended up discarding my Elago white slim case.",0
"Not only did this product not enhance the volume of my phone, it pretty much cut it in half. And the company does not pay return shipping. Do not waste your time.",0
"The Otter Box case is an excellent way to protect my new Bold 9700. It does not add bulk to the device and I like how there's enough coverage on the device. The only downside to this is the included screen protector. It is not the best but it holds up alright. I have some noticable scratches on it but once its too much I'll purchase a much thicker one.
Love the case over all, easy to slip on or off in case I need to pull the battery. The extra flaps for the power and headset ports are awesome!",0
This is perfect!! I use it for my Casio TRYX video camera that was not tripod mountable. It works like a charm. I have tried several other adaptors but they all had shortcomings. IMO if you own a cell phone (or a Casio TRYX) then this should be part of your photography equipment.,0
"I think I paid, what, $5.00? These days it seems like you're lucky to find one screen protector for double or more that price.
 And the little Stylus pen? Ok, I didn't really use it, I have a Note freaking II. It comes with one. But I gave it to my daughter, she likes it for Drawing with Friends and the like on her iPhone. She LOVES it, and that makes it worth more than the price of admission on it's own.

The screen protectors themselves? Well, it's pretty hard to mess that up, eh? The first one outlived my first Note II. And there it was, I had a backup. It's on my phone right now, with no bubbles, being all nice and invisible but allowing me to use my phone perfectly.

Honestly, I'd give you my third one, I really would. But I already gave it away to a guy at work. He was so jelly o' my telly that he went and got his own. So I hooked him up with my third screen protector that I got here.

So, yeah - this item is certainly approved by me. What more do you need to know?",0
"Received in a couple of days.
Was as described in the ad.
My wife loves her new phone!!!
Someone in another review said it had ""Cartoonish"" icons.
If they would have read their manual they would have seen that you can change your icons.
We were looking for something that had a Querty Keyboard for texting purposes and this fit the bill perfectly.
The Bonus
Magnetic Closure Belt Case.
And Wall Charger
And 1 year of FREE service
And 1200 minutes
And Triple minutes for Life
Made this purchase a ""NO BRAINER""",0
"I got this cause I thought it was a good idea. Now I can leave the house with just my cell phone and keys. My drivers license (DL), credit card (CC) and 2-$20's cash fit in the back. Since I am retired I don't always have my wallet in my pocket and have forgotten it several times. Embarrassing at the check out.

My initial reaction to getting this in my hands was COOL. After looking at it for awhile it looks like the latch system will fail down the road. It really needs to be redesigned. That being said it is working now and only time will tell if it fails. The lifetime warranty is a benefit of course.

With a CC, DL and 2-$20's the case pushes against the back of the phone and tends to push the hard shell towards the back of the phone. Every now and then I just remove the CC, DL and the 2-$20's and push it forward. Problem solved. I have had this for 2 weeks now and only had to do that once.

The door on the back also bulges out even when it is empty. It doesn't get caught on anything and the bulge is small and is pretty minor. At first I thought it was the stuff I had shoved in there but it bulges even when empty. I don't consider that a distraction to an otherwise nice product.

Update: I have had it for 6 months now and have to say that I love it. The latch issue that I was concerned about was a non issue and it keeps latched all the time.

I found that if I push my cards in too far it will cause the case to separate at the front. The solution is to make sure that the cards are not pushed in all the way to the hinge. Since I figured that out the case does not push out on the front.

The one issue is that I have my whole life in my cell phone. Drivers license, gun permit, credit card and a $50 bill. If it gets stolen my life will be turned upside down. That isn't the fault of the case though but it is a concern.",0
"<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Mountek-nGroove-Universal-CD-Slot-Mount-Black/dp/B004G1L52Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Mountek nGroove Universal CD Slot Mount (Black)</a>

Let me begin by saying that of all the product reviews I've submitted to Amazon not very many receive 5 stars.

I could have been throwing my money away on another relatively expensive ""gimmicky"" gadget.  Fortunately I took a chance and ordered this from Amazon, and I'm glad I did.  This product is perfect for my 5"" Garmin GPS.

On the day I received it, I put my GPS unit into the bracket and installed the CD slot mount in my 2009 Hyundai Santa Fe.  I then drove over some roads that were more pot hole than road with absolutely no problem.  It held my GPS securely with nary a movement.  In my vehicle, the device does obscure the clock, and some radio controls.  However this is not a problem, as these controls are duplicated on the steering wheel.  Although this product comes with absolutely no written instructions, the installation into the CD slot, as well as other adjustments I've described below, should be fairly self explanatory once you see it.

A couple of words of advice.  If this is being used for a GPS, you will likely need to remove the little plastic ""foot"" which is at the bottom of the bracket as shown in the picture, (it comes off quite easily if you're careful), and then rotate the arms so they are positioned at the top and bottom.  Then just squeeze the arms together until your GPS is held securely in place.  Once you have the GPS turned for the best viewing angle, take a penny and tighten the screw at the back of the holding bracket.",0
"i just received my external battery/charger for use with my HTC Thunderbolt. it does look different then the picture as someone else stated. model MP-4000 5000mAh 5.35V 1000 mA. the first thing i noticed upon arrival was that there were no instructions. i also noticed no dedicated wall charger and thin cheap looking retractable cables that i opted not to use. i was a little bummed at first but then realized that i didn't need a wall charger and could use my HTC USB wall adapter which is similar to the white iPhone USB wall adapter or use a USB port on a computer to charge it. it charges via a USB mini type B cable that was included but again chose to use a better quality one from my camera (many digital cameras use USB mini type B cable). i also only use my HTC phone cable to charge my phone with. this thing feels solid and not cheap at all. it also does an awesome job and was only $20! i am able to charge and use my Thunderbolt while the screen and 4G is on and running Pandora or other apps. i am a little impressed to that fact because my Phone is a battery hog. it will charge much much faster if i turn the phone screen off though. i have read reviews that said it takes 8 hours to charge your phone with this thing and that is not the situation as i have seen. if you are having that issue i would recommend ditching the cables that came with and use your stock cable for your phone to charge your phone.

i would recommend this to anyone that needs juice to their electronic devices.",0
I'm very happy I purchased this product and it definitely is the best value I have seen so far. The only thing I'm confused about is what the tether lanyards are for? I like that they have two stylus pens in different sizes -its more convenient for me than buying gloves you can use with a smartphone or tablet.,0
This is a very handy product!  Having the retractable cord allows you to stow it away so you don't have cords running all over your car.  I wish more products had cords like this.,0
"I purchased this with great anticipation as it is an Apple friendly product.  Well, it is friendly, but not friendly with the sun.  I was not able to get it to charge under a bright cloudless Florida sunny day.  Tried for 6 days and could only get it to a 30% charge.  Panels are small and top panel not protected from scratches when stored.  Great idea but does not work.  It did sync with my Iphone easy enough, but with a 30 % charge on its battery did not do much to charge my phone.  Bought Power Monkey Extreme instead which is excellent.  I guess you get what you pay for.",0
"I got this for my LG phone and so far so good, it snapped right into place, I have not had it for long but it looks like it will last for a while, it's much brighter than the picture kind of a hot neon pink color but it's cute though.",0
"This case is surprisingly high quality, and the Galaxy Note 2 fits securely in the clips. However, with the Note 2 in the case the S-Pen is difficult to remove from the device. After taking some time to get used to it, I've found it's easiest to use a sideways index finger to twist the pen out.

Good quality, but stupid design as far as the S-Pen slot goes.",0
"So i just received my micro sim cutter today about two hours ago and i was very exited to try it, well let me tell you that it did not even cut a single simcard when the sheet metal or aluminum or whatever cheap steel they used to make this cutter bent and did not cut my first sim card, very dissatisfied, i wish i would have picked a different one from Amazon and i hope the seller gives me a full refund this is by far the worst product i have ever bought!!!!!",0
"It's very useful and practical.
No need for any wiring or power source, and very light.
I recommend buying it specially for people on the move.",0
"This product was difficult to set up.  Once I had set it up, I pluggeg it in and the light flashed green once and then went out. Never got a light again of any color.  I had no effect on my cell signal.  I sent it back and got a refund.",0
"If your looking a cheap case, maybe this one is fine. Yes it fits fine but not snug. The plastic gel feels cheap and thin. It will protect your device from scratches, but not from falls or drops. Verizon Black gel case is a lot better.",0
the cover is nice; but there is no way to keep it clean. most plastic cases you can wash. this case however you can not and it was dirty within hours. now it is a tan case rather then white. I'm not very happy about it.,0
I bought this in black first and was amazed at how great it was. The grip on it is amazing! For a cheap case it is made as well as my otterbox. I had to buy a second one since I loved it so much! I actually have four cases because I can interchange the pieces.,0
"I thought this was really cool looking online, but couldn't tell if the computer/photo resolution was off or if the case image was actually that blurry looking... It's really blurry
Other than that it fits perfectly and it pretty sturdy.
Not bad for only a few bucks",0
"I love love love these things. This was for my wife's phone. I have the same thing on my droid. These are not your normal hard plastic screen protectors. They're more like ruggedized clear window tinting. This is the same plastic used by the military to protect helicopter blades from wear. Lifetime replacement warranty.

They use a ""wet"" method to install. U have to make sure there is NO lint around. Comes with a sprayer and sqeege. Takes about 10 minutes to install. Make sure you turn your phone off and remove the battery first. Get BOTH sides of the film very wet and put it in the exact position you want, then squeegee the air out working from the center out. There will be small micro-bubbles for a day or two until it fully dries. Once it does it'll be flawless. If you notice bubbles from dirt or something just peel up slowly from a corner, clean, re-wet and re-apply.

Best screen protector i've ever owned.",0
Returned and defective. Was sold to me as NEW when in fact USED. Phone never worked properly and was defective. But they did make up for it and made it good.,0
"I've installed the current model Just Like Glass screen protector on one Galaxy S III and a test model--it's longer--on another. The rating is for the current model.

Were it possible, I would have rated the smaller-sized 4.5, only because of its somewhat limited screen coverage. But pressed to choose, 5 stars is more accurate than 4, especially for prospective buyers aware of the coverage issue. DBA Cases provides an ample quantity of the ""wet"" in a spray container. Although I had a little bit of difficulty pressing down on the top of the container to make it spray, the installation process was quick and painless with excellent results.

It's hard to tell the protector is on, even when the screen is off. It just disappears with the screen on; it has great clarity. Also, it feels smoother than the bare glass of my iPad 2. ""Just Like Glass"" may be an understatement in that respect. Altogether, it seems a quality product.

The test model leaves a margin of about 1/8 of an inch. At the top it has cut outs for the speaker and camera. At the bottom there's a cut-out for the button. It's been installed for 4+ days. So, far I've not noticed any problem from the proximity and light sensors being covered. But then I don't really know how I would test for any problems. Regarding installation, I appreciate the fact that a larger spray container was provided. Perhaps because it was taller, I found it much easier to use than the regular spray container. Unfortunately, I did not do nearly as good an installation job on the test model as I did on the regular one. Some of this may be attributable to my not having installed a wet screen protector before. The ZAGG on my Samsung Vibrant was installed at the mall stand where I bought it. But I also think that the added length and cut-outs made it more difficult to install than the shorter, squarer production model. The result is that, there are noticeable circular areas when the screen is off, some of which so far have not entirely disappeared when the screen is on. If the problems do not resolve themselves, I may install the second of the two regular-sized proctors that I bought from Amazon before being chosen to test the larger-size protector.

I installed the current model Just Like Glass screen protector on an S III with a ZooGue case. There's no overlap between the case and the protector, so no concern about interference or peeling. Nor is there any concern about the larger protector peeling. I installed it on an S III with the DBA Cases Ultra Complete case. For both installations, I first removed the case.

Incidentally, I also think well of both cases. The&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/ZooGue-Samsung-Galaxy-S-III-Case-Light-Grey/dp/B009LD4AV2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">ZooGue Samsung Galaxy S III Case (Light Grey)</a>&nbsp;I purchased on a special shipping-cost-only deal directly from the company. Even at its regular price, it's probably good value for the money. It's attractive and, for a one-piece unit, protective. But it's not as protective or attractive as the (more expensive)&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/DBA-Cases-Complete-Ultra-Package-Maroon-Black-Samsung-Galaxy-S3-AT-T-Verizon-T-Mobile-Sprint-U-S-Cellular/dp/B009ANLKFC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">DBA Cases Complete Ultra Package (Maroon/Black) - Samsung Galaxy S3 (AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, U.S. Cellular)</a>&nbsp;The latter, a two-piece unit, has an outstanding fit and finish. Based on the Ultra Complete, were I interested in a one-piece case, I'd give a close look at the&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/DBA-Cases-Thin-Grip-Black-Samsung-Galaxy-S3-AT-T-Verizon-T-Mobile-Sprint-U-S-Cellular/dp/B009ANCV6Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">DBA Cases Thin Grip Black - Samsung Galaxy S3 (AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, Sprint, U.S. Cellular)</a>.",0
"Works all over the Caribbean and SA.  It even works in USA.  No complications.  If you are looking for a truly international phone that Rocks, this is it!",0
"This case is super cute! Fits my iPhone perfectly, it doesn't pick up too much lint from my pants, definitely recommend it",0
"This is a very simple product that does a very simple thing. I bought it to have a second charger for my iPad 2. It does that. Feels pretty solid, doesn't take up a lot of room, so I'm happy with it. Time will tell if it's reliable.",0
"When I bought this headset I was concerned because there was only one rating; it was a five star rating, but still just a single opinion.  Well, I concur.
 - Pairing was a breeze.
 - Works flawlessly with two devices simultaneously.
 - Sound quality is excellent for both parties.
 - Actually works *well* at a distance.

Then there's the online bit.  Jawbone has awesome service.  I downloaded Jawbone updater (for my Mac, no less), plugged the headset into my USB port, and updated its software.  I can also configure things like the name other devices see it as, which devices it has connections for, and even install a couple apps that enable things like voice commands.  Really slick.

Lastly, the style is unisex; in spite of having ""pearl"" in its name, it looks fine for both men and women.

I've owned like 10 headsets.  Prior to now my favorites were the Plantronics 925 and 975.  This devices sound quality is just as good, if not better.",0
"I clip my phone into it and sometimes I get the feeling its going to pop out and fall on the ground.  I haven't dropped it yet and hope I never but I question its ability to take a hit.  It does protect the camera from getting scratched when laying on its back and can go in the clip face in or face out.  Just wish it was a bit more durable.

EDITED ON 13, JUL 2012 ----------  EDITED ON 13, JUL 2012 ---------- EDITED ON 13, JUL 2012

THE CLIP BROKE!!!!  I DONT THINK I GOT THE $13.00 OUT OF IT... IT WAS HORRIBLE FROM THE MOMENT I GOT IT.  I BOUGHT A NEW PLATINUM HOLDER AND CLIP COMBO FROM BEST BUY FOR $31.00

I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT!!!!!",0
"These screen protectors went on my phone easily with no problems! There is no glare on my phone, and no bubbles what so ever. Best screen protectors I've ever had. I hope this company makes screen protectors for iPod Touch, too.

**EDIT**
Make sure you purchase them from Philatronic! Do not purchase the ones that ship from Hong Kong, it takes about 3-4 weeks to get them.",0
"Hi.

First of all, there's a lot of reviews out there, some are dead on and others are plainly going to extremes (bad reviews).

I'll to try to keep mine closer to facts.

Shipping and hardware. I've got mine in no time and excellent conditions. The phone is awesome looking and it's built with the excellence of Nokia hardware. The battery will last 3 to 4 days on a modest usage, and 1 and half days when using lots of apps and data transactions. 0 complaints in this area.

Call and SMS. Great call quality, great loudspeaker quality and the SMS app or ""Conversatios"" as it's called are great. So, purely on the cell phone aspect, this is truly one of the best (compared to my wife's iPhone 4, 0 dropped calls or bad calls).

Camera and Video Recorder. This is THE strong point of this phone. Great pictures and the video is gorgeous (720 HD). Has a couple of editing tools (for both images and video), but, you know, nothing you didn't have already on your PC. Score a solid 10 on this.

GPS. I had an XpressMusic 5800 before this, and this was one of my favorite qualities (one of very few). In this phone the navigation (using ONLY gps) is faster and overall, it's awesome. Love the fact that data connection is totally optional and the tools and maps are being updated often. So another big 10 on this aspect.

Radio & FM Transmitter. Not that they are directly related, but the two worked great. No problems at all on the radio side (I use it on a daily basis). On the FM Transmitter I did have problems of connection at first, but all it took was to change the default frequency (in my case from 90.0 to 90.5) and that was it, worked great! Another 10!

Video viewer. I love the fact that I can see (in excellent quality) movies here and, if needed, transmit them (via HDMI) to a TV. The formats, well, I copied an M4V file (ripped one of my DVD's using HandBreak) to the phone and ended up converting it, automatically, to WMV, so it took like an hour to do this, but maybe there are easier ways :P. Anyways, another 10.

Apps. The truth is that although there are a lot of applications (some good, some not so much), it doesn't compare (and it probably will never) to either the store of Apple or Android. But it does have most basic stuff. Lets call this a not to solid 7.

O.S. Well, now we come to the REAL aspect in which this phone falls way back. So, for starters this is way faster and responsive than the XpressMusic (if any users are thinking on upgrading), but to be honest, the real valid comparison should be to, for example, a Nexus One (Android) or iPhone 4. I mention this two because I have tried both. So, I'm just gonna say that the OS is like half the speed of the Nexus One and a third of the stability of the iPhone 4 :S
But let's not compare, shall we, or we'll go through a dark and very popular path. Lets just say that with the first software update (PR1.1) most instabilities and errors have been fixed. The phone it's 80% of the time pretty ""fluid"" while navigating through the interface and using most apps. Still has some ""hanging"" problems (reset not needed, only needs some seconds people :P), but not as bad as the beginning (I would say that at first it was only fluid 60% of the time). I'm hoping that further updates will keep refining the overall OS.

And, FYI, although Nokia has made a partnership with Microsoft, they have said (and clarify it in BIG BOLD letters), they will continue to maintain the Symbian's phones, so I'm pretty sure updates will still come (at least a couple more). Oh yeah, for anyone who cares, this whole OS thing, well I give it a 7 (with update considered).

So anyways, just to sum up my review, this phone (as you can see from the ""scores"") is a very interesting smart phone with great features and although in the OS department it falls way short to some of its main competition, it still has great strong advantages.
Lets say that if you mainly use the calendar, email (sync both to your outlook and/or Gmail!), camera, video recorder, video viewer, PURE GPS navigating, calling/SMS (duh!) and minor to mild usage of apps, this phone is a great option.
If you mainly want it to have great (or the best) apps and because of it need the phone to run flawlessly, spend and extra 150 to 200 dollars and buy an Nexus One, HTC Desire or an iPhone 4.

In my case, I'm in the first group, so, I'm pretty happy the phone.

Hope it helps.",0
"I wanted a case for my 4s that was similar to my otterbox defender case for my 3gs. I work in a steelmill and my phone is ALWAYS in my pocket so I need a rugged case. I was going to purchase the 4s version of the otterbox but I had grown to not like how ""over bulky"" the defender cases are. This case is the absolute BEST solution for protection AND comfort. The charging port is large enough for every plug I have from the OEM apple ones to the various aftermarket ones I have for car/home/ use. I do not use a docking station but I'd assume the iphone wouldn't work with the case on.
PRO
*The case feels comfortable in my hand and the rubber parts keep it steady when your holding it.
*The cutout for the rear camera is large and trimmed in black(white/black case) so there is NO glare in photo's.
*The volume buttons stick out slightly farther then the trim for easy locating by feel, but they are not too easy to press so no accidental volume changes.
*Case fits my white 4s(att) absolutely perfect! Snug and solid.
*The trim around the front of the case ""just fits"" over the edges of a screen protector. With my 'normal' use and in 2 days the case has NOT caused the screen protector to come off(MANY cases I've tried do)
*Looks absolutely awesome with a white 4s

Con
*The opening for the mute switch is just the right size BUT with the thickness of the case it's really deep. My bad habit of biting my nails makes me NOT able to use the mute switch without using something to ""pry"" it with like a car key or something. If you have ""normal"" nails or thinner fingers(like most women have) you won't have an issue. ""Working man's hands""...not so much.

Also: This is ONLY the case in retail packaging. There is NO included screen protector like a lot of other cases have. But honestly these screen protector are a dime a dozen on Amazon so who cares. Just wanted to point that out if you do not already have one.",0
Ive purchased my fair share of things off amazon some things im not happy with and this one is 100% true to description. putting it on the iphone was easy. it basically did the work for me. all i did was line it up and lay it on the screen it basically sucked itself to the screen with a few air bubbles on the edges and i ended up with one about 1\4 of an inch from the edge. they provide what can be described as a piece of credit card to push the air bubbles out and it worked like a charm. i have had it on the phone for two days now (received it after only ordering it two days before i got it) and i am very happy i decided to purchase this product. its crystal clear and in no way affects the resolution. i am buying my girlfriend an iphone within the next week and will be purchasing another magic screen. it really was magic. i was a little drunk when i did it too by the way and it came out perfect. lol,0
This soft silicone rubber phone cover provides that extra bit of protection you need if you should ever drop your SmartPhone. It also gives you a much better grip on the phone - - - so you don't drop it in the first place. It's an inexpensive way to protect a very expensive phone.,0
"was not able to set the alarm or time on this clock
returned it with no problems for a full refund",0
I was leetyof buying these because if the reviews. But these cases fit my iphone 4 very well. Good communication from seller and very fast shipping.  Will shop here again!,0
"I've just upgraded to the Hyperion Samsung Galaxy SIII 4200mAh Extended Battery + Pebble Blue Back Cover and needed to replace the TPU cover that I'd had with the original back and cover.

This is nearly perfect. The case is actually only clear on the side edges and frosted on the back, so you won't see your cover color but from the sides.

Not frosting the case sides also allows it to retain some of the TPU grippy-ness that I like but I wish that they'd chosen to not frost the back and allow the natural color of the back to show through.

The cut-outs for the top and bottom microphones are each a touch off center--not enough to block them, but enough to make me wonder if the sound will be muffled or diminished, since they are not centered on the cut-outs.

The headphone jack cut-out is OK but not perfect as well. A standard headphone with a straight, tapered, housing will fit, but an angled one with a thick housing was not a fit without stretching the cutout hole away from the plug (not easy).

I really like that the side buttons are protected (too easy to press without protection).

Now my sleek-slim Galaxy has turned into more of the old Treo look with the added thickness and the rounded back. But overall I like the case--just wish the cut-outs were a little more precise.",0
"Unlike the reviews before me, I did not have a problem with the sticky residue or size being to large. The screen protector is in between to outer pieces of plastic (those each have a sticker labeled 1 and 2) and if you slowly peel of the outer pieces what's left is the screen protector. If you don't get both pieces off, you will be left with a sticker on one side. Application was simple, and the screen protector looked barely there. My main gripe is that it's advertised as anti fingerprint, but MAN I never saw that. I was constantly having to wipe of the prints, which I know on a touch screen phone you will have to do. Just didn't expect to have to do it that much. Anti glare was ok, but not what I would have expected. Great price, shipping was fast, but if your looking for true anti fingerprint pass these by.",0
"Installed about two weeks ago, took off and threw away today. I followed the instructions, and took my time. Initially didn't look to bad. Kind of orange peel look and micro bubbles. All supposed to go away in a few days. I let the phone sit for 2 days after application before I used it. After 2 weeks the micro bubbles were still there and the screen side started coming loose in the corners. Also didn't like the rubbery feel of the screen. It also made the phone look really cheap. Ordered a scosche band edge and put it on afterwards. Keeps the screen from contacting surfaces where you lay your phone. I'll just need to be careful of the screen because these products a terrible.",0
"Bows out in the back, creating a gap that allows in whatever is in your pocket which then scratches the back of the phone, defeating the purpose of the case.

Will try reaching out to the seller.  If I get a replacement (at no cost or hassle) that fits correctly I will promptly update this review.

I like the case in concept, there is a small protrusion on the top and bottom which gives an additional small measure of protection.  At first I wasn't sure about that bit, but I've decided I like it.
There's also enough coverage on the front to keep the screen off of a flat surface when placed screen down.",0
"Works great, looks brand new and just like the one that came wit my Galaxy Nexus. The USB cable appears to be stock as well. I'm convinced this is stock and the real deal and it works great.",0
"I amusing the same review as with the Krussel 95294 Gala as I could not resist and I purchased both.

This is a beautiful case, very soft leather but I bought this for my iPhone 4s. I use my iPhone naked without a cover and your iPhone will most definitely slip out, drop on the floor and might break.

This case is definitely NOT for the iPhone 4/4s except you use it with a bumper.

I am keeping my case hoping to use it with the iPhone 5, if and when it finally comes out, it might be with a bigger screen and the case will end up being useful.

I give the case **** for beauty and ** for usefulness for my iPhone 4, so a very average *** rating.",0
"USB charging is a bit complicated which partly explains this product's mixed reviews. Here's an example: If I plug my phone into this charger it starts charging and everything is fine. If I then also plug in my iPad to the second PowerBlock jack, the iPad doesn't acknowledge the charger at all. If I then unplug the phone the iPad will display ""Not Charging"" which means the PowerBlock is powering the iPad but the iPad doesn't think there's enough power available to also charge the battery. But... it turn out this is all just Apple being a Steve Jobs monopoly.

If I reverse the order of things, and plug the iPad in first, and the phone second, both happily charge nicely! So the issue isn't that the Griffin PowerBlock can't deliver enough power. It's how Apple has programmed the iPad. My Android phone, regardless, is always happy with the PowerBlock.

I suspect the above weirdness is not the fault of the Griffin PowerBlock, but the way Apple implemented charging on the iPad. Apple, of course, wants you to ideally only use APPLE accessories. They don't make any money otherwise. So I suspect they've intentionally programmed  the iPad charging software to discourage use of third party accessories such as this one.",0
"So compared with the vast majority of other armbands that I've had (for both iPhone and non-iPhone alike), I've gotta say that I'm liking this armband the most of the bunch so far.

Pros
- The armband is removable, so you can use the rubber case as a standalone case for the iPhone 4 if you're so inclined.
- Inserting the iPhone into the rubber case is a breeze: You just slide it in through the open screen area.
- Screen and rear panel protector overlays are included in the event that you don't already have them.
- The screen is exposed, meaning that you don't have to press through some ridiculously thick sheet of rubberized plastic to get at the controls.

Cons
- The screen is exposed.  Yeah, it's a pro, but in the event it's raining?  Quickly becomes a con.  Not entirely sure how the con part of this could be removed, but it's indeed a valid concern.
- Given the serious ease with inserting the iPhone, I'm concerned with how easy it might be able to slip out during a run?  I'll update the review after a run or two with my findings.

Overall
It's a great armband/case combo, and I don't know of any that I'd recommend over it at this point in time.

Update 10/25/10:
- Went out for a run with it, and I'm very impressed.  Still cautious about the screen being exposed in the event that it rains, mists, etc., but that aside, it seems to hold the iPhone in place very well.  Still highly recommended!",0
It works as expected and is a very good value.  I am very happy with the purchase.  Well worth the price.,0
"My boss had purchased one of these for his IPhone and it looked cool and worked great. I had an idea it might work with my Kindle Fire and it does! Will NOT however, support it vertically, but for watching a movie or just listening to music at home or on a road trip, this thing rocks horizontally! Simple, yet effective. So it can be used for my phone and my Kindle...I'm happy.",0
"I got this for work.  I had the CS55 at a previous job so I thought I'd go for this one at my new job.  What drew me to it was that it was similar to my personal bluetooth headset, the classic voyager 510, and would sit in my ear instead of near my ear like the CS55.  The CS55 wasn't the most comfortable or stable on my ear but it worked and I never had any connection issues; battery life was also really good.

The CS70 disappoints in several areas.  First, feedback and connection issues.  Half of the time when I am talking I hear myself in the ear piece. I have tried every combination of volumes, channels, and distances between myself, the receiver and the phone with no luck.  Second, battery life should be more for an office phone.  I can't get much more than 2.5-3 hours of talk time out of it.  If someone has one of these for work then it's because they use it a lot and can only charge it for 5-10 minutes between calls or over lunch.  My voyager 510 (which I assume has the same batteries since the ear piece it almost identical) will talk for 5+ hours and I never had an issue with the CS55.  Last, the receiver/charging base.  It's a common complaint that the headset just pops off of the charging connection in the base.  I knew this and figured it was because most people aren't careful.  Well, you have to be very careful when removing and replacing the headset so as to get it to charge and not pop.  I would say that I have this issue 10% of the time, but I think that is still way to often for how careful I am.  There are still times where I return in the morning to find it off the charging connection when it was fine the previous evening.

Kinda related, but I'd like to say a bit about the lifter unit. I had one at my previous job and figured I'd get one again.  While I still find it helpful, I've found two things about it that will dissuade me from getting it next time.  First, the lifter that I have this time is SUPER powerful; it drops the phone down hard and I think it's too loud for an office setting.  The lifter that I had at my previous job was not so disruptive.  Yes, I got both of the two units new, so I have to assume that there is just some serious variation in the stepper motors.  Second, I installed the lifter immediately upon setting up my whole headset stuff and that lifter is not coming off of the phone without serious damage.  This means that I would have had a hard time trying to return this CS70N, which I really wanted to do.  This made me realize how little I actually need the lifter if the above to reasons have dissuaded me from buying it in the future. Just my two cents.

In the end, this headset gets the job done and is much better than having to use the handset, but I think the CS55 works better as an office phone and the lifter isn't that great of an accessory, at least for me.",0
Nice case. Holds my Galaxy S2 even with the skin on it. Fits comfortably on a belt with the belt clip and/or belt loops.,0
These game pads really do give the ability to 'track' your movements to some extent and create a simulated gamepad feel! I was not dissapointed.. therefore I was happy! and there were enough to share with freinds... I am a happy camper and love to see 'innovation' like this. Someone had an idea and they made it happen. and that makes me hopeful for mankind and its geeky gamers.,0
"This is a great pre-pay phone at at $15. a month service, that is all I need it for. If you need more min's no problem just add them, right from the phone.",0
"I just received this case and I really like it. It fits the ipod touch 5g very well and all the cutouts line up and buttons are easily accessible. The back of the case has a slight texture to it for grip. The case provides lay on the table design and minor drop protection. Provides against scratches very well. I like the cutout in the back that displays the apple logo. Snaps on and off fairly easily. Seller was very timely in delivery. All in all, I'm very pleased with the quality of this case and price.",0
"Solid performance on a great network.  Had to call to port my old number.  The process was done the next morning before noon. As for the phone it just works.  It handles the newest apps and games without any issue. Some may wish for a ""vanilla"" android experience but after using a phone like that i find Samsungs Touchwiz interface a nice improvement.  I could re hash all the good stuff about this phone but for that you can read the other reviews.  As for issues, which i may be alone on.  I find the internal memory partitioning to be confusing at best.  Theres a main system partition of 1 gig then a second 2 gig partion called usb memory. Thats all well and good but most apps that don't have custom save settings don't have a selection for it.  I use an external memory card but this space seems a little odd.  It seems like they wanted to give you some protected memory for music i guess its kind of odd. please comment if you know whats up with it.  On to other things.

The phone is as slippery as everyone says and with curved edges i never take it out without a death grip on it.  Its more than just slick plastic. that textured back is like wrapping a hockey puck in nylon, and the phone is very light.

The antennas seem to be in the base of the phone.  i can sit in my living room and hold the top of the phone and get 4 bars on a 4g tower.  Then hold around the bottome it will drop to the point that it switches to edge.  Outside this is not an issue so no worries, its just a little odd.

And last up the network.

Tmobile is pretty solid where i live which is funny because they don't even have phone numbers around here.  I ported mine so no worries.  The customer service is top notch, heck if i didn't have to port my old number i wouldnt have had to talk to anyone.

Thanks Samsung, Amazon, and T-mobile",0
"I love the pink color of this case, and the durability is excellent.  I felt like my phone was VERY secure, and the case fit great.  (I did not drop my phone while in this case, but my previous case, the Aegis, from this same company, was dropped a few times and my phone was never harmed AT ALL.)  The reason I bought THIS case was for the built-in screen protector.  I had seen in the reviews that the ""rainbow"" effect had occured for a couple of people, but I still wanted to give it a shot.  Well, I ended up with the same problem, and it was a real turn off for me...in fact, a deal-breaker.  Another thing I wasn't crazy about is that the silicone on the back sticks out from the hard plastic so it's not flat...it's uneven.  This causes the case to wiggle around when you lay it flat and try to type.  That drove me insane.  I ended up buying an entirely different case.  I did contact the seller for a refund, but they said that I only qualified for an exchange for the same exact product.  I'm not going to bother because I don't want to waste money on shipping for another of the same product that I already know I don't like.  Oh well.  I took a chance and was dissappointed.",0
"I have been usings Headsets for years. My job is tech suport/Customer service and I am on the phone all the time.
This is the second one of these I own. The first I bought refurb and finally killed the battery. When in my car, this headset is the best. I can hear loud and clear and people on the other end of the phone never realize I am even on a headeset. The ultimate test is my wife. She would always tell me to get off the headset because she had a hard time hearing me. Now, I never hear that anymore.  Once you get over, ""the over the head look"", you realize just how great this headset is. It has a few other really nice features as well, voice dial and mute.

If you are looking for a functionaly headset, This is the one.",0
"Purchased this item as an external power source for a mobile router ( Digital camera > eye-fi card > router > ipad ).  I've alternated having it power the router and also charging my iPad, iPhone, iPod and whatever else I could concievably throw at it.  It been drained and recharged several times.  With the 2.1 amp connection it charges my iPad / iPhone in more or less the same time I see using the typical iPad wall charger or Macbook USB port.  Recharge time has been about 8-10 hrs using the iPad charger (higher amperage).

The included tips leave a little to be desired, but work well as backups to the cables I already have.  Shame they didn't include an Apple Lighting (iPhone 5 / mini)

I find it so dang handy I've just ordered a second.",0
"I received this item (from Imagination Productions) before the delivery estimated date which was great! Pretty solid unit. The plastic case and velcro strap seems very well built. I like it so far! This is way better than the other headrest mounts that are out there because it's easy to insert and remove your iPad without having to unlock or twist anything. Also, most other mounts attach below the headrest so they appear too low for the kids when watching movies. Plus they cost too much because it's built like steel. Come-on guys... it's just a headrest for kids so they can stay quiet and be entertained in the car!

iPADKET was the perfect choice! I searched in youtube for car mount reviews and I found this one! iPADKET should thank the guy who reviewed this on youtube because he definitely help me finalized my decision to buy this product. But the only negative thing I noticed that's missing was a cut-out area for the iPad 2 upper right corner speaker. I hope they fix this for the next version. But other than that I'm glad I bought this over the Joy Factory Headrest Mount. iPADKET for $27 is better than spending $110.""

So If you are looking for a good headrest mount to put on your vehicle, buy the iPADKET! Trust me you'll thank me later.",0
"I bought the IMP70D battery pack right before a long trip after quite a bit of research and after a brief experience with a friend's IMP99D, which saved the day.  I chose the IMP70D because of its flatter and cleaner form factor despite the slightly lower battery capacity.  It does exactly as promised, reliably charging all manner of devices from iPhones to iPads (simultaneously) and of course non-Apple products as well.  Included in the package is a relatively short pigtail cord with standard USB on one end and mini/micro USB adapters on the other.  Be aware that a wall transformer is not included in the package -- your existing Apple mini-cube transformer or other USB power source will do the trick.  One feature this newer model has that the older ones apparently do not have is a smart sensing (power saving) capability which turns off the battery pack once your device is fully charged.  Interestingly, the IMP70D does not get hot when charging (or discharging), likely a sign of good power and thermal regulation, which should lead to a longer service life.  Some of the previous generation battery packs had cooling vents but this one appears to not need them.  Overall a solid product that will keep you mobile.",0
"I bought these screen protectors because I didn't like the resolution of the ones from the Verizon store. While they were clear, A) I only got 3 instead of the 4 I was supposed to get, and B) even though I installed them per the instructions, I had bubbles EVERYWHERE. They're like little lint magnets. I used them all up at once, and eventually just used one of the Verizon screen protectors.

ETA - the seller immediately contacted me upon receiving my seller review. Very professional, curteous, and more than willing to work with me to improve my experience. I am more than impressed!",0
"This was disappointing. It's too snug, so really doesn't work for an iPhone with the typical silicone protective sleeve on it. I had expected it to loosen up, but after >3 months of regular use, it's not happening. Other reviews highlighted this issue, but there aren't many other options I found so I tried it anyway. Oh, also, the belt clip tends to pop off. The case is usable, but definitely not what I had hoped for.",0
"As others have noted, this is not typical Otterbox.  It is indeed hard to put on, but I can live with that.  30 seconds of twisting and it was on like a glove.

I *really* tried hard to like this case, using it for a week, but in the end the gorilla power button made it a no go.  The S3 already has the mindless home button that requires a tactile press; the last thing I need is a power button that requires 2 or 3 tries some times.

Its made worse by the fact that my phone is encrypted and I am very security conscious so I always use the power button also to lock the phone after using.  i was never able to get used to the force required which really is extreme.

I bought the Incipio case right here on Amazon - much nicer, and now my thumb is resting. :-)",0
"I bought this light a few months ago, along with a comparable Eddie Bauer lantern and a no-brand lantern.  Hurricane Sandy rolled through this week, and we had our first real test of the lanterns when the power went out (and stayed out).  The Eddie Bauer lantern was not as bright and lasted only about an hour before going dim.  The no-brand lantern lasted a bit longer but was very difficult to use -- it wasn't configured to put the light where needed.  Our d.lights, on the other hand, performed flawlessly.  We used both the area lantern (the d.light S10) and also this task light (d.light S1).  The area lantern (the S10) kept large (15x30 foot) living spaces lit well enough to work (preparing dinner, etc.).  And the task light (S1) was fantastic for reading, doing paperwork, etc.  All of the d.light lanterns lasted from sundown to bed time at full brightness -- the S10 lanterns were on the whole time (about 6 hours), while the S1 task lights were used intermittently (probably 3-4 hours).  Both the S10 and the S1 are designed for functionality -- the area lantern is very easy to hang, and the S1 task light puts light right where you need it.  Last but not least, they recharged the next day with only partial sunlight and were ready to go for a second night.

Long and the short of it:  D.light lanterns are awesome!  Hands down, these are the best power outage lanterns available, and at a great price.  I just placed an order for a few more.  These are far more valuable than battery-eating flashlights when facing a sustained power outage.

05-Nov-2012:  Important Note.  If you're looking for a whole-room lantern, as opposed to a task, light, you'll probably want to get the d.light S10.  The S1 (this product) is a task light, for reading, etc.  Both are great products -- just designed for slightly different uses.",0
"I bought this for my girlfriend and she likes it. The case came earlier than i expected. Up on arrival, it looks very nice, feel very soft but the size of this thing is big, when i say big i mean it, this thing is realllly wide. The green is darker than the one in the picture though.

The case fits OK to the phone, but not like a perfect tight fit. It feels kinda loose on the sides and makes me feel like if my gf drop the phone, it would pop and drop out of the case, but that hasn't happen yet and hopefully wont.

Because of the wideness of this case, when I press the unlock button on the right side, i have to grip the phone harder thus make me accidentally press both of the volume rockers button. Which i find very annoyance and inconvenience at times.

Other than that the case looks great, the plastic feels great (notice i sad the plastic, not the size!). She got a lot of compliments on the case too.",0
"The casing around the back of it causes a glare when using flash. Bleaches out all photos. Had to stop using because I was unable to take any flash photos. Also, the outer casing has a clear coating that started peeling the first day I got it. I was able to remove it all with alcohol... for the low cost, it's an ok case-IF you don't want to use your flash with photos. Am aware now of looking at back of case to ensure enough exposure of flash area to avoid in future.",0
"What's the point have a docking station without an audio output? There is no audio output on this unit. Basically, it's a usb adapter with a base for $20, which you can find one on auction site for 1/4 of the price. Failed!

I have a&nbsp;<a data-hook=""product-link-linked"" class=""a-link-normal"" href=""/Belkin-Power-Dock-for-iPod/dp/B000QSQSDO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"">Belkin Power Dock for iPod</a>&nbsp;in other room, it works perfectly. And I wanted a black one for my desk...I still can't believe it, seriously Kensington? lol",0
"The case is sturdy construction, and a great color (I love pink!) with a nice grip to it because of the silicon. Had I not encountered the following problems, I would have kept this case.

However, the case does not allow easy access to the vibrate/sound side switch. It is nearly impossible to reach it while the case is on because it does not align properly. Because this is a feature I use often, I was extremely disappointed by this.

The plastic that covers the sensor of the iPhone prevents the keypad from disappearing during phone calls. This results in buttons being pressed, or calls being disconnected, by your cheek.

The case is constructed in such a way that the charging port does not allow for any other charging cable to be used other than the one that came with the phone. I can not use a car charger while this case is on. Because I charge my phone whenever I can, this is a huge issue for me.

Lastly, the case is extremely, and I mean EXTREMELY difficult to get off once it is snapped into place. My fingers were sore and nearly bruised after trying to remove this case. (It's not just because I am a weak girl either, my (very beefy!) boyfriend had lots of trouble too!)

It is for all of these reasons that I must return this case. I wish someone had mentioned these things before I made the purchase.",0
I have purchased the privacy from this buyer before and loved the fact that when I am on my phone no one can see what I'm doing.,0
"fits the s3 well, and the cutouts line up well with the phone. comes with a screen protector, and the tpu is thicker than another cheap case i've seen. i like that i got all of that for under $3, so i can switch out the colors. provides basic protection against scratches, i don't know how it'll fare to dropping and i rather not find out.",0
"It looks very much like a part of the interior on a 2010 Jeep JK. Most people who see it want to know what the USB port goes to... It looks that good. I actually do have a USB port for the stereo, but it's not in sight... And it works fine. The JK has 2 cigarette type plugs it can go into, one switched with the ignition and one not - perfect for camping trips. I move it to the unswitched to recharge cell phone and not have to turn on the key.

Just be careful that it will fit your vehicle - read other reviews here.",0
"First,I purchased this phone through Amazon but it was just fulfilled by them so I will not lower the rating cause I received an open box item that was already used cause it's NOT the products fault! I did end up ordering through a different venue and am VERY glad that I have this phone now... It is screaming fast and begs for attention from everyone... This is the fastest and smoothest phone I have ever owned and I am a phone junky!! I really like that they made ALL of the US variants with the same internals as well cause now we have sooo many choices and don't have to sacrifice the hardware because of the networks we are tied to... ( Galaxy S3 )  ;)  I actually wanted the International version cause it will get timely updates unlike our garbage US providers that deliver updates whenever they get around to it... I am sick of being tied to a carrier that won't let Android be ANDROID! ( Verizon ) ;) Anyways, there is not really much to say about this phone... It's a BEAST!! Nuff said!!",0
"This screnn protector works awesome. It came packaged real well and arrived quicker than i thought. They sent me a email link with a quick tutorial about how to install the protector easily and with no annoying bubbles. The protector fit perfectly, didn't block camera or speaker and covered the screen completely. I even tried to scratch the screen by lightly rubbing keys on the screen like they would if put in your pocket and didn't damage it at all. With 3 protectors and the cheap price you can't find a better choice out there.",0
"Seems hard to find a holster for this phone, especially one that doesn't expose the screen to potential damage (outward facing instead of inward facing). So I bought this one in spite of some of the reviews.

I've had it for a week or so, and it's holding up so far.

Pros:
 - Lightweight
 - Fairly easy to put on and remove from belt.

Cons:
 - Body plastic is fairly flimsy
 - The retaining clip which keeps the phone from falling out of the holster is very blocky with hard edges. It can and does dig into your side.
 - Difficult to get the phone out of the holster. There is only a small area next to the retaining clip to get your finger into once you release the clip.

I work in a warehouse environment, so we'll have to see how well it holds up.

Update June 17, 2012: Well, I've broken two of these now. The first was doing fine until I was getting out of the passenger seat of my wife's tiny car. I'm right-handed, so it was on my right side, and caught on the door frame of the car. The holster made very little fuss as the clip snapped right off.

The second one broke today. We were looking at furniture, and I sat in a recliner. The belt clipped snapped off when the phone was pressed against me and the chair arm. I guess the Spanish Inquisition were right in their use of the comfy chair as a torture device (j/k).

So, I've downgraded the rating from 3 to 2, and won't be buying another one. Instead I've just spent $40 on a holster/case combo. Stay away from this holster, unless you never move.",0
"Love the feel of this case and it fits perfectly!  The case protects the phone very well and adds no more than a millimeter to the phone's size.  The only concern is taking the case off to say, replace a memory card or battery, since the case simply snaps on and off.  Doing so too many times could wear or break the snaps.  Great little product though and the shipper continues to impress (their shipping is always very prompt).",0
"I bought this thinking it would be great to be able to use my phone on my motorcycle while riding and being able to use the GPS. Although it hold the phone great, you cannot connect the charger because the ""Grips"" block my Droid power inlet and that really sucks. If you plan on using it as a GPS and would like to have the charges plugged in, this it not the one.",0
"I think the last OEM car mount that I bought from Sprint was about $40. That one broke in two weeks.

I'm a designer. This mount is designed well. It's built upon a proven design from google (Nexus development). You just need to adjust by rotating phone holder before mounting. The sucking is great. I was worried because of the previous review, but obviously, it's user difficulty or issue. They probably need to clean the windshield or something.

Overall, it's great. The car charger with two USB port alone cost around $5 or so, this is a good deal.

Most of the mount at this price range tend to vibrate a lot when driving around, but this one is solid, it sticks with the cars movements, and it stays stable. Adjustment is easy if you want to move it around, but holds place. I do have to admit that HTC EVO car dock is crap, which automatically goes into once you mount it.",0
This case is everything as advertised.  Easy to install and very durable.  Easy in and out of holster.  Rubber case comes off easily so phone will fit in armband when working out.,0
"This is the same item that they sell in the Tmobile stores for $17. Even came in Tmobile packaging.

Great deal, great fit, the power button is covered but swithes on with ease.",0
"Easily the best of the thin cases I've tried for my iPhone. This case adds no noticeable bulk or weight to the phone whatsoever. The blue (or ""Jean Indigo"") case has a great matte/soft-touch feel to it, so the grip is nice and there are no camera flash issues.

I've used an Incipio Feather, an iFrogz Luxe Lean and a Speck Fitted case, and none of them have the same quality as this one. Only caveat (for some) is that this case does not have a lip that comes up over the sides, so no laying your iPhone screen-side-down with this case. Not a problem for me as I don't do that anyway. Also, sometimes little specks of dust or crumbs can get stuck in the perforations, but a little slap in your hand cleans them out. Great case!",0
"I bought a galaxy s3 and with they old cable that I had
 It didn't work so I bought this adapter and it works I have a Samsung galaxy note 2 and work perfect",0
"I was really impressed with the quality and the fit of this case.  Fits real snug onto the phone and feels good in my hand. They were sold out of otter boxes so I figured I'd try this one since it was cheap enough.  I have to say I'm very impressed with this case.  It's a two part case, the inside is a silicone material and the outer shell is a hard matted shell.  My only concern is that the matted white will become extremely dirty, but it's expected since it's white.",0
The screen protector fits prefectly and excellent quality. There is no bubbles. Make sure there is no dust on your screen before you apply the screen protector. I would highly recommend this product if somone is looking for a screen protector for their iphone.,0
"Edited comment late Sept 2012
-----------------------------
PROBLEM SOLVED!!!!!!!
I replaced the LG800 with a Tracfone Samsung T301G phone.  The T301G is available with Triple Minutes which from my experience is the only good feature feature of the LG800 that actually worked well.  The T301G has better reception and voice quality and does not have the problems that I have described below.  AND is half the price!

The dubious quality of Tracfone service will continue to haunt the provider relationship.

Edited comment Sept 2012
------------------------
To add insult to injury the battery just died after only 6 months of use.  I have had cell phones where the batteries have lasted for several years.  I normally would not comment about a battery failure, but the product defects just keep piling up.  I suspect that LG's lack of ability or desire to fix the known/substantial LG800 defects reflect badly on corporate policy for support of any LG product. Despite LG's 'Life's Good' slogan, 'Life is Good (even GR8) Without LG.' BUYER BEWARE!

Edited comment August 28, 2012
------------------------------
Changed the two start rating to one star.

I just dread the very idea of using this phone!  The phone continues to have a mind of it's own doing things I did not 'request' and costing me minutes.  Many times the phone rings and no one is there.  A few days ago it just froze up and would not work at all until I removed and replaced the battery.  Why do I need to unlock the phone when the voice mail has just asked me to enter my pin?  I guess it's just another built in seemingly 'small' aggravation that can't be fixed or overridden that makes use difficult when attempting to use the phone with one hand.  Once I use up the minutes, off to another phone and provider.  My suggestion is: Don't bother with this clunker!
-----------------------------

I swiped this comment from another review of this phone.  ""Imprecise touch operation and poor interface design seem to conspire to make this thing do things it shouldn't. Especially when it comes to mis-dialing and either annoying friends or wasting minutes"", clunky.

I like the triple minutes but not much else.  It's too late (packing materials gone, etc), but wish there was a phone with a better interface or even a simple flip phone w/triple minutes that I could replace this phone with. I thought the experience would improve w/practice, but is hasn't. Disappointing at best.

If possible demo or try a friends phone before buying.

I intend to use Skype for most of my outgoing calls were ever possible in order to avoid the interface issues. Will likely be less expensive as well.",0
"I have always been a huge Nokia fan but bailed in favor of android devices a while back. I couldn't resist giving the N8 a shot to see what advances Symbian 3 had made. All I can say is it hasn't come very far. When you are used to the blinding speed of advancement in the android space its hard to imagine how Nokia are going to stay relevant.

This is amazing piece of hardware, but how frustrating it is to be back on symbian. I don't even know where to start suffice to say that I am back on android after only a few days with N8. I was very disappointed as I had high hopes.

N8 Pro:
Excellent battery life
Best camera of any phone
Finally has threaded texting (as long as it took isn't a good sign for Nokia)

N8 cons:
Not many pros
Keyboard sucks
Browser sucks
Exchange client sucks
Still cant type direct in a text box
Limited widgets
Limited apps
Sluggish UI
No wifi tether
Smallish screen for size of device
Amoled screen isn't even close to vibrant

If maemo and symbian 3 are the best Nokia can offer I would think they would be best off to leave symbian 3 on their feature phones and adopt android for smartphones. Android is a tidal wave they just aren't going to be able to stand in front of. Unless you are a huge symbian fan or have apps that only run on symbian then give this one a miss.",0
"We bought this device because I needed strong cell phone reception in my basement office. We wanted to get rid of the land line.

Here is my feedback:
1. The manual was confusing. It was easier for me than some people would find it, since I have technical experience with computers, networks, etc.
2. I had an easy install since I already had a hole in the ceiling from installing a network cable, so it was easy to thread the cable up to the first floor. If you needed to create a new hole in your ceiling and floor, maybe not so easy.
3. The placement of the antenna on a window up one floor worked great for my location. The recommendations on antenna placement seemed really difficult to comprehend. I got the basic idea and was lucky that it worked well.
4. Works great at my desk, four bars. Near my desk I get three, further away and I get a slight or no effect.

I love it because all I really wanted was great reception at my desk and that's what I got. Other people might not have as smooth of an experience. Some install pains involved.",0
"I just want to confirm,
This unit will work fine on both Galaxy S2 and Galaxy Nexus
But as previously mentioned, the Media Storage will not work on the Galaxy nexus as it lacks the drivers I think,
But I did try it on a Galaxy S2 and it did recognize my flash drive (32 GB) and I was able to play movies directly from the drive..",0
"I bought this case after spending over $40 for a different one from AT&T.  The $40 case broke quickly, but THIS case has been great!  My phone feels perfectly secure.  The case looks very classy and feels well made.  The company sent my purchase quickly and very well protected.  If you are looking for a great case at a great price, this is the perfect case for your Pantech Link.",0
"I purchased this product after using several different cases. It is definitely a novel idea for a case. I do not find it large at all. It is small considering what it does. I have placed an ID and 3 credit cards without adding any bulk. I also put a couple of dollars of cash in there too. It is genuine leather which is evidenced by the smell when removing from the package. It looks great and allows one to just cary the basics. I was looking for a holster case to free up space in my pockets. Now I have condensed things so I no longer need a holster case. As the title says is a great product with a bit of a premium price.

Update 8/17/12 This product now has 6 cards and my drivers license without adding much bulk. It really is an all-in-one solution. However the spine of the case is showing exceptional wear. Not sure if this is from bending it backwards to use the phone or not. Otherwise still satisfied with product and functionality.",0
"With this phone you do NOT need the Verizon Data package, it has wifi and 3G, so you can connect to the internet anywhere you have free wifi, without dishing out an extra $30.00 a month!! I love it! Fast searching and web, email too! Facebook mobile etc. I have only one complaint, the ringer is not loud enough. Verizon will tell you, you need the data package, but it's just a ploy, it's not true, unless they just changed it because I wrote this LOL!",0
"Nice device. Fits in my pocket. Charges my smartphones, powers my usb lights and fans.
But it needs improvement.

It does not stop charging. It just shows that its full and continues to charge. Has anyone had it stop charging when full? Or does it just overcharge?",0
"I was reluctant to buy this, figuring the low price would inevitably mean a low-quality product--- but this is a perfectly decent, well-constructed and nicely fitting case. Not that sexy, but a great backup or temporary case (for me, a tide-me-over until Apple comes through with their free offer).

Mine came with a clear screen protector, which was a nice surprise. I didn't see that mentioned in the description, so I don't know if the seller just threw it in as a bonus.

Even without the screen protector, this case is a great deal.

UPDATE: It seems that with the case on, pictures with flash don't always take properly. There is a hole exposing the rear camera lens and flash, but the flash reflects off the inner edge of the silicone which causes a white ring to appear at the outside borders of some photos. Pictures without flash are unaffected, and the case does slip on and off easily, so it's not that big a deal (but something to be aware of if you rely on the flash a lot).",0
3*** out of 5 bc i use it on my netbook and it some waht works not on cell phone it does not work that much,0
"Regardless of what another web site posted and their vehicle finder saying this would not work in an 05 Chevy Trailblazer, they were dead wrong. I think they just wanted people to pay their $99 for their more expensive GMOS-04 unit, saying that unit would work in the Trailblazer. Anyway.....
At first I didn't think it would work because I could get two different units to power up and all functions seemed to work but I had a problem getting sound out of any speakers. At first I thought maybe I had blown the internal amp of the new stereo but when the older one worked exactly the same (no sound), I thought that I couldn't possibly have blown the internal amps of both units, could I? so after re-reading the wiring instructions and making sure everything was connected proberly, I began paying attention the blue/white wire that I kept reading that was supposed to be an ""amp turn on"" wire. I had no clue what that was supposed to be until I read the blue caution tag that was on the blue wire of my older stereo that not only mentioned it could be connected for an auto antenna signal but for and amp signal...etc. Hmmm... So, I connected that blue wire to the blue/white wires of the harness and tried connecting everything in the car. Wallah! I now have sound!! Who would've thought. So, I took the brand new stereo and connected it's blue wire the same as I did the old one....again, Wallah! Sound!
I have to admit that I gave this unit 4 starts because in the instructions it mentions these blue/white wires to be amp turn on wires and not auto antenna wires. I think they need to update the instructions and do a bit more research on how different stereo manufacturers use their terms to explain the unit's functions and wires. Also, I am not pleased, as others have mentioned, about the creation of the tones used for the ""GM tones"". They ARE very loud and short. The original tone was more laid back and sounded as if it were such as a tubular bell being struck and not so peircing to the ear. These sounds out of this unit are just three very loud and fast bursts of tone which will take some getting used to. I know a person can adjust for the loudness but it doesn't make them any more pleasing.
The next and final reason for the 4 star rating is because I think it's an awkward idea to just have a person tap the brown wire to ground in order to get the Onstar level louder or softer. Why didn't the makers of this unit simply put a push button on the unit and label it the Onstar volume button so one could just simply push it momentarily to adjust the volume? Currently I am not signed on for the Onstar service anyway so I guess if I get in a crash I'm out of luck by them.
I have yet to fully install the new stereo in my dash because I have spent all this time and money making sure it was going to work first before I either install it or put the original stereo back in and forget a new one in this vehicle for now. I hope I can get everything to fit in such a cramped space with stereo, wires, and new oversized box. It is much larger than I expected.
All in all I think this company is on the right track and I hope the newer units are better and they have fixed some of these issues that I have read other reviewers have also complained about. I just can't afford to pay the prices for these units at this time.
One final question, does anyone know if these units have issues with being battery drainers? Seems I read that by a reviewer some where. Any comments would be great.",0
"Love it. My first Android, and it's a keeper. At first I worried about the size being too big but now given the nice screen the size is very manageable and comfortable. Today my Otter case arrived, fits nice but does make the phone bulkier. H&P Electronics shipped fast and unlocked as advertised. Had problem getting WI-FI to work so had to call Samsung who said it happens sometimes advised to do a factory reset. Did that and problem is fixed. I've had other samsung phones and they do a nice job. The preloaded AT&T apps have to get deleted but that's the only down side for me. Great phone think my son already has his eye on this one.",0
"These are much cheaper and lower quality than the ones I buy at my eye glasses doctor. They're thin and don't clean as effectively. The price is lower so you get what you pay for I guess. I do really like the cute, convenient packaging. Each cloth comes in it's own nicely designed, reusable, sturdy package - a soft vinyl/plastic envelope with slip-in tab closure as well as an easy to read instruction card. The colors are all bright, which makes them easy to find. These will be great to leave in the car/office/around the home. Works decently on glass - glasses, kindle fire, iphone - but not as well on my laptop display or TV screen. They will definitely wear out quickly but there's enough in the box that it's worth it to have them around. In this case it's quantity over quality.",0
"Looked everywhere to find a charger/stand for my SGS3. First one I received did not charge the phone, only the spare battery. I returned it and found this one. Perfect.",0
I bought this to charge my new iPad on a plane but can't really get it to work.  It works for the iPhone but that's it.  Unfortunately I tried to return it to Amazon but did so 1 day after the 30-day return window.  So now it is sitting in a box in my storage area.,0
"This works as advertised.  I plugged in all kinds of electronic devices while traveling in Europe and they all worked.  This includes and iPad, iPhone, Blackberry, and laptop.",0
"This case is easy to put on, doesn't impeded buttons (even though some buttons to have the case over them), and protects the phone against small falls. It's very slim and doesn't add much additional size to the phone, so it still fits in my front pocket without issue. This is my second case of this type (also have the smoke color), and these are much better than other cases we've used.",0
"When charging the battery up to 100%
 But when you use up to 30% finished and close Mobile
 and charging takes a long time",0
"For every smart phone I have owned, I have had a dual charger that charges the phone's battery plus a spare!  This item was exactly what I wanted and it worked perfectly for about two weeks!  The phone fit perfectly on the dock and placing the extra battery in the dock was all I could ask! Then all of a sudden, the phone's battery wouldn't charge.  Tried everything I could think of and it still wouldn't charge the battery in the phone!  My phone actually died on me while displaying the night clock while I slept!  Now my spare battery wouldn't fully charge.  I actually had to wiggle the spare battery for the charger to recognize it.  Maybe, I received a defected one, I don't know!  Requested a full refund and have been granted it! After reading all the positive reviews, I almost want to order this item once again, but I am reluctant to do so!",0
"Very cheap flat black cover, ""NOT"" rubberized just flat black, very brittle plastic construction even after spending 20 minutes to carefully clip shut over the phone brittle pieces snapped off. I doubt this will not shatter after even a 1 foot drop. Not easey to install and would be nearly impossible to remove and reinstall without snapping the little brackets. Not worth shipping back and returning and I hope I get 6 months out of it before it falls apart.",0
I wrote a very negative review on this 5-pc protective shield kit the other day.  The seller was kind enough to come directly to me to see if they could do anything to rectify my disappointment in their product.  During our discussion they gave me instructions on how to apply the shield to the face of my phone.  VOILE!  I wasn't doing it correctly and of course it didn't fit my phone or adhere in any way.  I did it their way and this shield is a god-send!  I apologize to this seller and now I love their product!  I did suggest that written instructions come with the kit so no one else makes the mistake that I did.  I hope they decide to do that!  No more smudges on my phone screen; no more glare from sunlight or lights; it's all good now!  Thank you so much!,0
I have only used this case for about a week and the entire rubber coating that protects the color is peeling off and the paint is coming off too. Looked good maybe 1 whole day.,0
"This is a nice, soft and flexible TPU plastic case.  I ordered the smoke / translucent and that is what it is. It does have one flaw in my opinion.  All of the cut outs for the buttons, plugs, camera, etc are just that - neat holes cut out of the plastic. All of them except one.  The power button cut out isn't cut out at all.  It's slightly recessed into the case and although it has a slightly different texture that the surrounding plastic, I find it difficult to locate the power button easily by touch alone.

I have had the case a few days and thought it might just take some time, and maybe if I wait longer it may become easier to find.  If that was the only problem with it I would have a little more patience.  However because of the design, the INSIDE of the recess for the power button does not make contact with the actual button.  When I do finally locate the power button part of the case, it take extra pressure to overcome the gap between the case and the power button.

In researching other cases, they nearly all indicate that every access is cut out and when zooming into picture detail I can clearly see power the button directly exposed.  As I said, this is close but not good enough for me, especially since there are many other cases available.

I'd like to add to KD Wright's comments and I agree.  The picture of the case doesn't even come close to the large, silverized JKase logo on the case.  While you can see it in some of the extra pictures, it is generally very light and in some pictures, especially the main picture, I'd say it was airbrushed to minimize it's appearance on Amazon (you can just barely see it in the picture but can't miss it when you get the case. That's just not honest.  On any case, especially for a high end device like the Note 2, having a goofy logo really is an annoyance.  If I hadn't already returned it for other reasons, I would have for the misleading logo.",0
"The cut wasn't perfect size for my Lumia 900 probably coz it's a generic cut for all Lumia phones. It was smaller than my screen size by a good margin however considering it's dirt cheap price, it served it's purpose. 3 stars.",0
"It was fine, for about 30 minutes.

Files from the thumbdrive I plugged in showed up on the screen no problem.  Then when I went to unplug it from the tablet the casing around the plug separated from the plug itself.  Luckily the (newly exposed) wires didn't break- maybe I can use a little Crazy glue or epoxy to hold it together... but this was the very first use and it's not like I put excessive pressure on it.",0
"I am the kind of person who, upon getting a new phone, will drop it on the road and kick it across the street.  With the Defender series Otterbox, especially for the low price which I received it, this was an awesome purchase.  People complain about the bulkiness, but it still fits in my pocket along with a wallet and keys, and it does not feel 'big' in my hand, but secure.",0
For the price it's fine. Application is fairly easy and straightforward. Giving it 3 stars because it's a fingerprint and smudge magnet and terrible orange peel look (see attached picture).,0
"The guard fits my LG Extravert perfectly, and the quality of the cover is better than what I got for my camera and Kindle.  This cover was easy to de-bubble, no cutting required, and appears to be very durable.",0
"Not much you can say about a bent piece of metal. It's one solid piece so hopefully it won't break. The edges are smooth, no burs or slivers. Quality product, and it's universal so I can use products other than an iPod. I recommend this product if you have multiple devices that aren't all iPods or so long as you don't mind a free hanging sync cable.

Check out the pictures I posted of my iPod 2g in the iFrogz Luxe case.",0
"I use one of these on my iPad and have loved it from Day one. We've always used invisible shield produts, but I don't like the tactile sensation of them.

I went without screen protection on my iphone4 for a while, because it was in an Otterbox. When I took the OB off, I realized the case itself had left impressions on the glass. My screen looks nice, but there are tiny signs of wear.

When I bought the iPhone 4s, I decided to protect the screen and back glass. I'll use a 3M product on the back glass, but on the screen it's Moshi all the way. The protection is so easy to apply, doesn't get pushed up by my Speck Candyshell case, and wipes clean. I have had no problems like others mention of the screen popping off or peeling loose.

Update: August 2012-
I replaced my iPhone yesterday, and the tech said he didn't have a way to save my screen protector. I picked up my Moshi right off of my old phone and placed it onto the new phone without incident. He was shocked. The screen protector is working as well now as it did from day one on the old phone. Still love it, and am considering buying one of the non-matte covers just for a change of pace.",0
The stones fell of in the plastic. They were also made of plastic and lacked luster. The good news is that when I wrote my first review the company refunded my money! Yeah!,0
"I just received the case, so I can not comment upon its durability. It is as pictured, and is attractive. While a picture does show the Velcro, I do wish that it was noted in the description. Some may prefer this to magnetic closures, but it is noisier.",0
"what can i say?  It's a perfect fit for my Blueant Q1 BT headset!  I was hesitant from the picture because it looked so flimsy and I wasn't sure if it woudl be what i needed.  but when it arrived i popped it on, and poof - it's exactly the part i lost.",0
"I couldn't decide which product was better nor could I find anyone that had compared each of these side by side, so I am attempting to do so now:

Setup:
  Upon purchasing and receiving the two Bluetooth Headset Adapters, I unboxed and charged them fully before testing.  I utilized the headsets that came with the units along with a control set of Ultimate Ears TripleFi 10 vi In Ear Monitors.  I tested everything with my Apple iPhone 4s (Sprint) using iOS 5.0.1 and my Late 2011 MacBook Pro 15"" using OS 10.7.3 (Lion) for the tests.  Music comparisons used were Creed - Full Circle, Les Miserables - The Complete Symphonic Recording, Beethoven -The Immortal Collection and Nightwish - Angels Fall First.  I also utilized World of Warcraft for gaming on my laptop with these headsets as well playing for at least an hour while questing.

Unboxing:
  It goes without saying (but I'll say it here anyway), that most of these devices have a generic look and feel to them.  I mean how much can you do with a Bluetooth Headset adapter?  Even so, the packaging was actually very well done on both items.  No plastic to cut, no annoying twist ties to get anything out of the box.  Just the closed box and tape holding the flap closed.  Both the Sony and the Samsung had nice presentation of the device and both were very easy to remove and start using.  Both of these devices utilize MicroUSB chargers, so if you have other devices that use those connections, you only need to carry one type of charger to charge all of them.

Initial Thoughts:
  After the unboxing and initial charging of both items, I decided to take a closer look at each item.  Here are the lists of my thoughts on each item upon first inspection:

  Sony:  I really like the display on this device.  Very bright when needed and then shuts off.  No annoying flashing lights or any other attention getting gimmicks.  The buttons are nice to the touch and the Play/Pause button is slightly raised to make it easy to hit it.  I dislike the push and hold power on button as I prefer the sliding switch, but it wasn't like Sony used the button for anything else, so not a problem.  The clip on the MW600 seems a bit weak and seems a bit on the flimsy side, so that might be a problem.  BTW, this device has a radio and it does support RDS so it shows the song title, station ID, etc, but this feature is useless for me as I can't stand to listen to commercials so, I don't use the radio.  The size of the this device is very nice, but for clipping on my work shirts, this item is a bit thicker than I'd like.  The charging port on this device is open... I am not sure that I care to have the connectors open all of the time on this device while wearing this potentially everywhere.  I am sure this was done to avoid using dust covers, but I think this would have been a good idea.

  Samsung: I like the feel of this device in the hands... It feels sturdy without being heavy or bulky.  I dislike the single blue/purple/red LED on the front of the device to indicate battery, use, etc as I dislike attention getting flashing lights, but LED is useful as it does indicate the battery level.  I really like the power switch on this device.  It the perfect tension as to not turn on when you don't want it to and not too stiff as to require too much force to turn it on.  I have the Bose Bluetooth headset that I often turn on by accident when putting away, so this switch is a nice change from that headset.  Also the Play/Pause button is indented slightly from the other buttons making it easy to find as well.  Personally, I think I like the button better on the Sony as my fingers naturally find the extended button easier than the indented one... But I supposed engineers for Samsung were worried someone might accidentally press it if anything stuck out.  Only time will tell on that.  This device is the larger of the two being roughly twice the width of the Sony device, but it's half as thick.  I think this will be better for my work shirts as I can hide most of this device in the shirt.  The clip is very nicely done on this device and the charging port has a dust cover.

Initial Usage:
  After turning the devices on and pairing with my phone and computer, here are my thoughts on their usage before I take them out with me on the road.  BTW, pairing on each of these devices was very simple and I never had to enter a code anywhere for the devices to work.  Incidentally, if you decide to use these devices the pin code for both is 0000 if required by your phone or computer.  Oh and both devices worked with Siri on the iPhone.  I was pleasantly surprised how well both functioned.  Also, both headset adapters came with headphones that have a short cable... This is very nice because it allows for the wearer to have the clip where it can be reached without 4 foot of extra cable hanging about.

  Sony:  I have to say that the display is the nicest feature of this device.  It shows when you need pairing and when the device is connected.  It shows the time on the display once connected to my phone and while playing the track is displayed as well.  When using the next or previous buttons, it also shows what's happening as well. Also, the battery indicator is always present on the display as the battery graph most phones have today.  After playing with the basic functions of the headset, I found that everything was very well done except the volume buttons.  I guess you really can't call them buttons and it's not really a slide either.  The surface is flat and has very slight marking indicating + and - and you slide your finger in the direction of either to turn it up or down.  Two things about this make this a really by design.  1) You can't figure out which is which by feel.  Without looking at the device it is hard to figure out how to turn up or down the volume.  2) It is very easy to change the volume accidentally while handing the device.  Since this design doesn't work with an indentation or some other means of force, while holding the device to look at the time you can easily change the volume of your music/call/radio.  This device supports multiple devices so when pairing with a computer and a phone you don't have to pair each time you use it.  Not sure how useful this item really is, but could be nice for those that use more than one device to connect to their headphones.  Volume changes on the headset does change the volume on the phone.  This is nice for the fact that you can change the volume from either the phone or the headset and the volume indicators are the same.

  Samsung: The coolest feature of this device is the voice prompts.  Immediately on startup you have a Voice Prompt of Power On.  Further, it goes into pairing mode and gives you the code while waiting for you to connect.  A nice feature as you don't have to look up anything.  When you flip the switch, it gives you a voice prompt of Power Off...  It seems a bit basic, but it is actually nice when you have the confirmation without having to look at the device to tell if it's on or off.  (BTW, you can turn off the Voice Prompts.)  The button layout seems to be setup nicely for operating everything by touch.  All buttons are slightly different places or offset in comparison to other buttons, so it makes it easy to determine which side of the device and which button you are actually going to depress.  My biggest disappointment here is Sound Alive feature.  While some people may like their bluetooth devices to control EQ, I do not.  If I want to adjust the EQ, I want my Music Player to do it... So this feature means that when you press the button, the audio changed to add or remove Bass.  While I can see this being useful on Phone calls, this button works all of the time, so I have to be careful to not turn on the feature.  This is one of those items I would prefer a press and hold to enable it.  The feature I like best on this phone is the volume control.  Unlike the Sony, I can change the volume on the phone and the headset adapter independently.  This gives me a very nice granular control of how loud or soft I can make the volume.  When using the IEMs (In Ear Monitors) this feature is very nice.  I can turn down the volume enough to sleep with at home or turn it up enough to work at noisy environments equally.  I can see how some people wouldn't like this, but since my IEMs have 26 DB of sound attenuation, I have a very quiet noise floor to start from and I can thereby keep my music volume very low while maintaining a good volume in ear. This keeps my hearing in tact while allowing for a very enjoyable listening experience.

Audio Quality:
  Let me start on this section with a bit of theory and human nature.  First, I am an audio engineer for a medium sized church and I do live sound mixing 8 hours a week.  Further, I have to train others to run the mixer for live sound often enough that I know a thing or two about how people perceive sound.  Since most people don't listen for hours on end to the details that comprise music (IE how well the drum mix works with the vocal mix, etc) and since most people can't hear the difference between the 128Kbps and the 256Kbps MP3s they get from Amazon or elsewhere, I am not going into an expanded discussion on how good or bad these are.  I am not saying that people won't notice that something is different, I am saying they won't know what is different or how the difference effects their music experience.  Since all of the audio sources I used are from 256Kbps encoded sources, I am sure that the limit of the technology of the music source is the biggest limiting factor in the audio quality and therefore all comparisons are extremely subjective unless I were to grab lossless files and spend hours listening to the same songs over and over in order to give a details analysis of how good the Bluetooth transmits those high bandwidth songs.  Long story short, please forgive me for not going into detail about the entirety of the audio quality and using generalizations instead.

  Sony:  The audio quality of these adapters were quite adequate and I couldn't hear any significant loss of fidelity using my IEMs with this device and plugging into the iPhone.  I will say that the Sony headphones provided with the device were a pleasant surprise.  Normally Sony likes to drive their Bass much more than everything else as most people like to bring the Bass out when listening to their music.  These headphones were actually quite flat and for single drivers were very decent for daily use.  I did also try these while sleeping and they fit nicely in the ear to allow for you to put them in on the plane and take a nap.  Also, the headphones were comfortable and didn't hurt after long use.  The headphones do isolate but not nearly as much as my IEMs.  However, for daily use at work or about town, that's probably a good thing.  The only thing about these headphones I disliked was that the short part of the cord was on my left while the device when clipped to my shirt faced the cable to the right... This made for some tugging on the left, while not having any problems on the right.  Also, the audio quality of the phone calls made with this device was as good as any wired headphones I have tried.  Overall, the audio quality on these were quite sufficient for daily use, but if you are the serious audiophile, you are probably listening with High Quality Monitors and Lossless Music and these aren't for you.

  Samsung:  The audio with this adapter and my IEMs were amazing considering the technology behind streaming music wirelessly.  I think that stems from how the bluetooth on these function and the profiles it supports.  Since these are newer, one would expect some improvement over other models that are much older and these don't disappoint.  The headphones that come with these are pretty much worthless.  They don't provide much in the way of isolation and they are so obviously single drivers.  I am not sure how much people would buy either of these devices because of the headphones packaged with the devices, but with a build quality like this from Samsung, they are better off dropping the headphones in the package and bringing the price of this device down some more.  It would certainly probably help with the reviews from people complaining about audio quality.  Call Audio was also decent.  Again, I would say that daily use of this device would be very adequate. If pressed to give a nod to either of these devices on audio alone, I would choose the Samsung providing that you don't use the included headphones.

The Work Test:
  This is what my planned use for these devices is and this is really where I need to see how these function.  I didn't do as much prep on this as I did with everything else, so this section is mainly my preferences and my expectations of the device.

  Sony:  My initial problems with the volume didn't turn out to be a problem while working.  I only had to adjust the volume once as most of the time, I just removed the headphones when needed.  Also, my initial praise for the display turns out to be misguided as well.  I never once went to the headset display to do anything.  Since I needed to press a button on the phone to accept forwarded calls from work, I just picked up the phone each time thereby making the display unimportant.  Also, the clip did turn out to be a problem, but only because of the Sony headphones.  If I were using something else, I think the clip would be ok, but as it was, the left ear headphone will pull the device from my shirt.  I finally swapped the headphones from left and right and solved my problem.  Also, since I synced these with my computer, I had to go through the interface to change everything back to phone from computer just to see the time and have Siri working again.  Not a huge deal, but it keeps it from being useful that I can connect this device to multiple sources.

  Samsung:  Overall, these worked best for how I do my daily work and allowed for me to use Siri, answer the phone and listed to music without getting my headset tangled in coats, desks, etc.

Overall, I give the edge to Samsung as they are 33% less than the Sony's, have slightly a better sound and work better for what I need than the Sony's.  Honestly though, either device is actually very good considering the cost and either should work for anyone that is looking to get their cables out of the way while still using cabled headphones.  I give them both 4 stars (Amazon represents this as I Like It and I do.)

Quick Update (5 Mar 2012):

The Samsung button being indented instead of sticking out is very annoying after much more use.. Also, I have found with the current version of Audible for the iPhone, neither headset seems to control the audio once playback begins.  So I can hit play and the audiobook will play, but I can't pause, forward or back.  These functions seem to work while not playing (as I can skip forward or back chapters), but I can't get them to work once playback starts.  Very annoying and I am hoping that this is addressable via Audible update as it works fine with music.

Also, per a question from the comments here, the Samsung does NOT announce the caller with it's built in voice prompt system.  Both headsets will play the ringtones through the headset though, so if you assign a ringtone to your contacts, you will know whom is calling.  On the iPhone, this works great even if the ringer is turned off, so it's a great feature.

As I purchased both for this review, I am contemplating keeping both as I do really like some features of each...  I'll update again when I decide, but in the mean time, please keep posting questions for me as I'll try to find the answer for you.",0
"I am careful with my things. I almost never lose anything. I bought this case so I had a consistent place to store my Voyager Pro headset as I don't always wear shirts with pockets and don't like to put my headset in the same pocket as my work phone or keys. I've had my headset since just after Christmas and haven't lost it despite having in in various different pockets depending upon what I was wearing. I get this case and within 3 days, it had fallen off my belt. Now I'm out both the cost of the case and the headset that it was supposed to protect.

DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU INTEND TO WEAR IT ON YOUR BELT! YOU WILL END UP LOSING YOUR HEADSET!!!",0
Fits perfectly my galaxy note! Easy to the fingers and using the screen protector makes a great combination to protect your phone from daily use!,0
I was looking for a power block that would allow me to charge my iPad 3G 64GB and Kindle 2nd generation at the same time.  I will mix in my iPhone 4 at times as well.  This block does all those things just fine and works as promised.  The only thing is that it's footprint of course is a little larger than just a single power block for example that from Apple.  I would recommend this for my uses as an item that works just as it should.,0
"I ordered this phone as a gift for my husband, he was very excited and right out of the box and activation the 3G worked great however it stopped working after a few hours and nothing we do will make it work again. We have spent hours on the boards and with Virgin trying to fix it to no avail. What we did learn is this is very common to this phone :(",0
"The charger is an exact fit for the S3 which means you will have to take it out of any case you have (I use a very thin and rubbery one). The charger base holds the phone very securely. The slot for the extra battery holds securely while charging.  The entire unit is small enough to pack for trips, and the charger connection is a standard micro USB port. The cable is short which means the base has to be very close to an outlet.  Wall outlet to desk height is about it. Since the cable detaches from the power supply, it would be very easy to replace with a longer one. Well designed product.

The only downside is that there is no extra port to connect to a PC to sync while charging. However, the phone will charge and sync if you connect the charger base to the PC with a standard USB to micro USB cable. The cable flexibility means much less hassle carrying around wall chargers and such.",0
"The price of $4 shipped was a too-good-to-be-true for the phone I got my friend.

When it arrived, though, I was disappointed in the build quality.  But, for the price, what did I expect?

It looked like old ""build-yourself plastic toys"" of yesteryears.  I was beginning to suspect if it will fit well or stay put.

However, when I put it on, it fit surprisingly well and lo and behold, it looked halfway decent with it on.  The color is quite attractive.  It's not as bright as the picture shows, but a little more burgundy - which actually looks better.

I would recommend this case to anyone with Kyocera Rise phones.

Update: She's using the case without any problems so far.  One thing I forgot to mention is that the case is slightly rubbery to help with the grip - another plus.",0
"I just got my new Droid 3 and I use it all the time to talk, text, internet, news etc. The original 1500 mAh battery (BF5X) lasted for approximately 6h on battery saver mode, which meant I had to recharge my battery in the middle of the day. I bought this larger 1930 mAh battery to make it through the day without having to charge it. (I didn't want to buy one of those bulging batteries that stick out, so I could use my original battery cover and case) I should have known that a battery that is ca. 30% more powerful should therefore only last for 30% longer. So even with this new battery my phone only lasts for ~8h, which means I still have to charge it at least once a day.

I guess I just have to wait until my enthusiasm about this awesome new phone dies down a little and I don't drain the battery by constantly playing around with it.",0
"1. Don't be like me. You should read the description and realize that this case also comes with a screen protector. Me, who didn't fully read the description, ordered a screen protector separately and now I have two...  The screen protector, by the way, is high quality, sturdy and went on pretty painlessly in about 10 seconds. I have a piece of lint under there that's going to eventually drive me nuts, but I don't dare lift the screen protector to dig it out because that usually just makes things worse.

2. Somebody said this case is overpriced for what you get. Considering my above statement that it comes with a screen protector, which sells separately for $11, you're basically getting this case for $15 (once you add on S/H). I think it's worth closer to 10, but I'm a cheapskate. You decide.

3. This shouldn't be called a case. It's a protective cover for the back of your Galaxy. ""Case"" implies that it covers the entire thing. I knew it wouldn't because the pictures make that clear.  That's just me being picky about semantics, but still.  From reading reviews, apparently the name confused some people.

4. I feel better with this thing on my new Galaxy than if it didn't have it. With the screen protector on the front and this case on the back, I can throw my Galaxy in my purse and not worry about any harm coming to my shiny new toy.  That's the case's job and it does it. Snaps on and off easily, no struggling or cursing. The slight rubbery feel of it is pleasant. Overall, this case seems high quality.  It integrates smoothly with the Galaxy's shape and is almost completely unnoticeable once on.

PS: I love my new Galaxy Player 4.2!!!1!",0
"Great product - beats the more expensive and harder to use Otter Box, fast shipping, great seller......provides excellent protection.  Buy the full Ballastic system for a solid screen protector, also an excellent product.",0
"My daughter & I recently purchased our first iPhones & needed cases to protect them. She chose this one and its a great case, very sturdy, definitely protects the phone and looks cute too! So much so that I ordered one in pink/black for myself! Very pleased with the case & would dare say they are on par with Otterbox cases, highly recommend!!",0
"This case is very pretty, but the flowers are not white... they are transparent.  i didn't like that because that means that the apple logo on the back of the iphone showed through one of the flowers - partially.  i prefer if it either shows all or none of the logo.  also, if you have the black iphone, the flowers aren't as bright as they are shown in the picture.

other than looks, once you get the case snapped on to the phone it fits very snugly and is difficult to get off (what you are looking for in a case, right?)",0
"This thing has saved me a lot of money.  I spend at least a hundred bucks on various cases for my phones 'till I find the perfect one.  I managed to get this after buying only two others - so I'm about sixty five bucks ahead of the game....

I'm not finding the same flaws other reviewers found.  Case is sturdy with a textured grip (not tacky), and I've used the stand for a month now with no sign of weakness.  It also fit into my existing holster (that I transferred from my iPhone 3G), so that's even MORE savings!

The stand props the phone at ideal angles for viewing vertically or horizontally when sitting at a desk/table.  It can even be used on a tabletop from a standing position for speech notes. It's sturdy enough to use the touch screen without the need to hold onto the phone.  It also plugs in to my desktop charging stand with ease.

All in all, for nine bucks, it is a heck of a deal.  I added on the underwater camera case for fourteen more bucks, and that was also an excellent purchase (not sure if will always be available as a combo.)  Both items arrived quickly and in good shape.  Sold by OEM Tech Bargains and fulfilled by Amazon Prime.",0
"This is a nice case, and I received very quickly.  But if you are looking for a case that covers the front corners of your phone completely, this is not the case for you.  It doesn't cover any of the face of the phone.  It does fit tight on my iPhone 3GS, and I got several nice comments on its looks in the very few days I used it.  I wasn't sure how it will protect if it doesn't cover the front corners, so I got another that does.",0
"Yea its only a bumper case, but its really great. It looks awesome and provides the phone with adequete protection. It'll land on the bumpers instead of flat on its face if it falls. Good quality and no problems with it so far. Great product at amazing price.",0
"Received these headsets about a week ago and truly got to admit for the price, IT'S TOTALLY NOT WORTH IT! As far as convenience throw across the back and go is quite well, call quality 1-10 I will give a 6. My biggest issue with these headsets is when it's time to play music. These headsets sets has very poor quality when it comes to listening to music. I was very dissatisfied with the price you pay and the quality sound output that they produce. There is absolutely no bass unless you jam them in your ears. I have a pair of $20 Skullcandy headphones that blow these out the water when it comes to listening to music. Honestly Plantronics could have at least placed a driver for better sound quality. Some people are satisfied, but I'M NOT!!",0
"I purchased this case for my wife. This is her first iphone (smartphone) and she wanted it protected. I have a simple case on my iphone 5 and thinking of getting this one in army green. It's light, not bulky and feels good in my hands. My wife loves it. I noticed the price went up $10. Must be a hot item.",0
"While waiting for my new Motorola Bionic to arrive, I did some shopping and reviewing on Amazon. I have used Body Glove covers since my Moto Q days, and on through my Droid. The reviews were not great, but I trust the product. The box arrived today, and the cover fits great. Same tough body with grip. I like the kickstand, but pocket my phone so I am not sure if I will keep the belt clip. If you are a Body Glove fan and are wondering, it's an excellent fit!..",0
"I was so happy with my iPhone 3Gs holster.  It didn't stick out too far.  The exposed side felt smooth, and never got hung up on anything.  The phone clicked in with a very definate action, so I never felt like it might fall out due to incorrect insertion.  Very trouble free.

When I bought the iPhone 4s, I really wanted to find a holster that replicated the great experience I'd been having with the 3Gs holster.  After looking at several in the store, and online here at Amazon, it seemed there were very few holsters to choose from.  This one seemed to have a lot of positive reviews, and looked close to what I liked from my 3Gs holster, so I gave it a try.

It has been doing the job very well so far, and someone else might be totally happy with this holster, however there are a few aspects that detracted from my overall experience.
1. The holster is bulkier than it needs to be, which makes it stick out and get hung up on things.
2. The two bottom corners that hold the phone seem to protrude an awful lot, and get caught on things.  (my old holster had a continuous piece across the bottom, which seemed to get tangled in things less, and felt like less of a protrusion.
3. The clip at the top sticks out past the phone a good deal, and always has me worried that it will catch on something and release the phone allowing it to drop.  The spring tension in the clip isn't too strong, which also makes me a little nervous that it is going to drop my phone.

They may be smallies to other folks, but to me, I really appreciate having a phone without a cover, so having a holster is critical.  For me to give 5 stars, the holster must not be a burden, and give me peace of mind that the phone is not going to take a tumble.

UPDATE:  So far, the holster has worked fine a a year and a half.  The iPhone has never fallen out, and stays securely on my belt.  Today, one of the hinges for the belt clip broke.  The item still works, but is less secure on my belt, and I fear the extra stress may make the other side of the hinge break soon.  I have contacted manufacturer to see if it can be replaced.",0
"I really did not expect this cable to be much... I mean its just a cable.  But I was pleasantly surprised to see that the quality of what I received is just as good as the cable you get with your Apple product.  I love that this is sooooo long, and I can lay on my couch comfortably and play on my iPhone 4.",0
"I received the product in a timely manner but did not end up using it on my iphone's.  I ordered two colors, both came damaged in one form or another.  (bent in places).  The rubber part of the bumper was barely there.  They don't look they would protect from a fall so I decided against using them.",0
"I don't write too many reviews of the many (MANY!) things I buy on Amazon, but this one is worth sharing.  When my company offered me an iPhone or a Blackberry, I jumped at the chance for a ""free"" iPhone and like everyone else who has one, dealt with the short battery life as just a given.  It was frustrating having come from a number of phones, the last one an LG Dare, that had excellent batt life, in fact it was one of the main things I looked for.

Moving on to now having/loving my iPhone: as a parent and employee I couldn't have my phone run out of juice if I forgot to plug it in one night, and started the search for a good back-up power supply. Like most the sharp buyers on Amazon, I sort my results by 4+ star ratings and then sort further by highest rating and then read, read, read.  The Trent came up either highest on the list or in the top few for backup power supplies, and I liked that it wasn't good for an extra hour or two, but for what... TWENTY hours? More? Didn't seem possible, but I did use it for a weekend to see how long I could watch movies on flights from NY to Chicago and back, etc... and I couldn't be happier.

I don't know if I lost the power cord for recharging, or it wasn't in the box (maybe my preschooler flushed it?), but their customer service was excellent and they're sending a replacement in time for my flight to Ireland so I can watch movies on the long flight and have my iPhone available for work during all day, or multiple-day trips while aboard.  Maybe you only need an extra hour or two, but for not much more weight/size/expense, you could have 10x that amount of power.  And no, I don't work for them, I work for one of the larger webpages, and have raved to all my coworkers who will listen about this product, as well as my dad, sister...

Enjoy.",0
its a 2pc but you don't really need to take it apart unless u need to clean it....its tough..problem is that it does snap on and off to easy even at times has come loose..the blue part is hard which is the part that stays on the phone the black is the rubber and all the buttons are nicely covered with the rubber making it easy to press such as the side outer buttons....for the price i like it...if you need a cover and don't want to spend much,0
"The dark purple isn't as dark as I had hoped, thus I placed another order for the gray model.

Besides the color disappointment, this case is actually one of the best I've tried.  It reminds me of case-mates tough cases.  The screen protector also fits well.

This case is also usable with Samsungs's extended battery/battery cover.  It's a tight fit and leaves about a mm separation on the sides but it's barely noticeable.",0
"As soon as I saw this, I knew I had to have it. Growing up in the 80's, my cassettes were my life! It hasn't failed yet to fool anyone. Even right in front of your eyes, it looks like a cassette tape. Now, there are some minor inconveniences, such as having to slip the bottom edge off to charge (no big deal at all) and the fact that it is silicone and can slip off the phone every now and again, but for the $4 I paid for it, I am very happy with it. I have several $30+ and this one is easily my favorite. It protects from scratches and I have no doubt will absorb much of the shock from a drop as well. I can deal with the minor issues for the novelty that can't be found anywhere else for this price!",0
"I didn't notice any significant increase in battery life after I bought this extended battery, but I'm not sure of the difference it made because I never really kept track of how long my battery would last before I got it. I do know that after I got it, my phone lasts about 12 hours even with a heavy amount of texting while on vibrate and will easily last much longer without heavy usage.",0
"So, as many Life Proof case owners, I was searching for a ""dock extender"" that ACTUALLY WORKS with the case. I took a chance on this one and IT WORKS. I love the fact that I can just carry this adapter in my laptop case and use my Micro USB cable from my Plantronics BackBeat 903's to charge my iPhone too. Just pop this adapter into the Iphone and plug the micro USB on the side and WALA!!!! I have also attached pics of this adapter on my iPhone with a Life Proof case to help ensure potential buyers that it IS COMPATIBLE WIT THE LIFE PROOF CASE",0
"Pretty decent clear case for iPhone 4/4s. The fit is excellent and the material is medium flexible. It is not made of silocon so it is harder and the fit is tight, but not so tight as a hard case. I like the feel of the case since it is much less tacky than silicon and won't stuck in your pocket entangled with your keys and other stuff. It is not bulky as some other cases and still
fit most custom chargers designed for iPhone.

Overall it is an excellent product. You won't regret your purchase decision.",0
"I just received this today and wanted to give IT a try on my Samsung Galaxy S3.  I had purchased another cable through ebay and it worked flawlessly so I figure to give this one a go.  Well big mistake!!!  I took the cable, plugged in my USB jump drive and then proceeded to plug the other end to my S3.  In a split second my phone went dead.  I had hoped that the safety circuitry had kick in and all I had to do was to pull the battery out and reinsert.  But to my dismay the phone won't turn on.  I tried plugging it into the charger to see if it would turn on but was again disappointed.  I felt the phone and noticed that area near the USB plug was warm.  I quickly unplug the USB cable from the outlet and am debating what I can do.  I tried searching online for a way to maybe reset the phone but found nothing.  So I quickly log into my Amazon account to write this review in hopes that I can help someone avert a similar disaster - BUYER BEWARE!!!!",0
"I purchased this phone for a couple of months and to be honest is my first experience with smartphones, because it has taken me several days to get familiar with its operation, and I went from having a regular phone to this incredibly functional gadget and change has been a noticeable leap, its 800 mHz processor is quite fast and efficient. The touch screen is very good quality, sensible, scratch resistent (gorilla glass), decent amazing definition and brightness. It's camera takes pictures of acceptable quality, and the video runs smoothly. The size of the phone without being small makes it suitable for carrying in your pocket without a problem, or the discomfort of smartphones largest and highest range and price.
Android as operattivo system is very friendly and intuitive, easy to use and I love power because all you can do with a phone and more!
Works great with the 3G network from my country (Costa Rica). Simply insert the SIM and voila, a few minutes I was conected and running properly, I did not think it would be so simple to be honest!
The only negative thing I could say so far is the short battery life when using multiple functions simultaneously (common problem with smartphones) as already mentioned in other grades here ... But this is easily solved with an extra charger in the office and at home, and upload daily ... jeje!
At last I can recommend this phone without fear for those who like me (not being a fan for the latest in technology) nedd the benefits of a smartphone that have a good average performance, but with several extra applications that allow you to grow and evolve according to your needs as a user ... By the way I wrote this review from my phone, which I think is really amazing!

Adquir&iacute; este telefono desde hace un par de meses y para ser sincero es mi primer experiencia con smartphones, debido a esto me ha tomado varios dias para familiarizarme con su funcionamiento, ya que pas&eacute; de tener un telefono regular a este increiblemente funcional aparatito y el cambio ha sido un salto cualitativo notorio, su procesador de 800 mhz es bastante rapido y eficiente. La pantalla tactil es de muy buena calidad, sensible, resistente a rayones (gorilla glass), con decente definicion y brillos asombrosos. Su camara toma fotos de una calidad aceptable, y el video corre muy bien. El tama&ntilde;o del telefono sin ser peque&ntilde;o, lo hace adecuado para llevarlo en el bolsillo sin mayor problema, ni la incomodidad de smartphones mas grandes y de mayor rango y precio.
Android como sistema operattivo es muy amigable e intuitivo, facil de usar y me encanta ya que potencia todo lo que puedes hacer con un telefono y mas!
Funciona muy bien con la red 3G de mi pais (Costa Rica). Simplemente insertar el SIM y listo, a los pocos minutos ya estaba enlazado y funcionando adecudamente, no crei que seria tan sencillo para ser honestos!
La unica cosa negativa que podria decir hasta ahora es la corta duracion de la bateria al usar varias funciones simultaneamente (problema comun con los smartphones) como ya lo han mencionado en otras calificaciones aqui... Pero esto es facilmente solucionable con un cargador extra en la oficina y otro en casa, y cargarlo diariamente... jeje!
En fin puedo recomendar sin temores a este telefono para aquellos que como yo (sin ser un fanatico por lo ultimo en tecnolgia) ocupamos los beneficios de un buen smartphone de desempe&ntilde;o medio, pero con varias aplicaciones extra que te permitan crecer segun tus necesidades y evolucionar como usuario... Por cierto he escrito esta critica desde mi telefono; lo cual me parece asombroso!!!",0
"So far the best case I've used on any phone.

Pro:
+Great protection
+Easy to put on and take off
+Look good
+Easier to grip
+Holes are in the right spots
+Headphone jack isn't obstructed

Cons
-Could be thinner",0
"<|start|>,""The ID Case fits the Samsung Captivate perfectly.  It is very slim fitting, very well insulated.  It does add some bulk, but it is nothing that can detract from the overall slimness of this case.  It does add some bulk when lined with plastic (my phone fits perfectly with Zagg's case on), but it's insignificant compared to the additional bulk.",1
"The Zagg Ultra Crystal Clear provides a nice balance of color and protection.  It seems to be as transparent as I could ask for in a case of this quality.  It provides increased grip and less bulk when lined with a card (i.e. phone, etc).",1
I like that this case comes with a card (you need to bring both).  Card slots are provided for options such as foam or soft silicone.  I can't imagine there's anything unusual about combining two cases (of the same brand) and adding foam or soft silicone.  I'm quite happy about,1
"<|start|>,""People who have a bad case will tell me they got a bad case.  I say to myself, """"Well, it's only a case.  If it didn't work, it would be very sad about the company and all the good things about the N8 Sprint Car Charger.  I also know that it would be a good loss and that I wouldn't be getting a refund.  So I tried to get a refund back, but I'm a little disappointed that I couldn't get one.  I got it thinking that it would be a great car, but it's a very slow car.  I had hoped that I would be able to get a refund, but unfortunately...""",1
"|<|start|>,""I had previously a Galaxy S case that had the aesthetics of a clunky bumper, now it is an attractive case that fits snugly around the phone.  The problem is that TPU material has gotten very thin along the sides and the",1
",""I've had a couple of Nokia phones and had to have a case when I was young so I own it. I bought it as a replacement case for a cheaper brand ( ZAGG ) and I adore it. I have the HTC Amaze ( love the blue accents and the circular power button) and it is """"une vos"""" de soporifica",1
",""Case is tight, punchy, kidding, no lint, works great.",1
"These gloves are """"just gloves"""" so to speak. I have to say these are hands- down the best made gloves I have ever used. Made of a hard rubber, they surely will fall off if you try to keep them without a pick. These gloves are """"just glove"" so to speak."",",1
",""It fits the Xoom perfectly, adds some thickness and bulkyness to it but I like it. I wish it had a springy snap-on case like the Xoom but it has none of the bulky messes that the springy snap-on does. It's light, feels nice in the hand and doesn't bulk up the device"",",1
"<|start|>,""I have a 2010 Honda Civic coupe that has a touch screen and a touch screen doodad installed.  I like the 3.2mp front camera and the 3.2mp rear camera and the rear flash are not set to autofocus like my manual suggested.  Navigation is good with the rear flash turned on.",1
"The only downside is having to put a Velcro flap around the screen protector to protect it when I put my phone in my pants pocket.  The protector itself is not skin, but the two halves are shaped differently.  It's just not a lot better than the one on the original.",1
"I would not recommend this phone to anyone who has the Acase Touch screen protectors.  They should have fit more like the ones the CR-007 protectors come with.  The Acase screen protectors are much less expensive, but have a much better chance of causing a burning issue with the touch screen.  recommend!"",<|",1
",""This product is so noisy and cheap I couldn't stand leaving mounted! Buy a better one. Don't waste your money on this garbage. O yea I bought two, both broke before use. And they were awesome enough to send me two more immediately!!  Nicely done guys!!"",",1
",""I ordered this and other cases for the iPhone 4 in a variety of colors. The case I received was one that I loved.  The look and design is very high end and fits very well into the 4.  The belt clip design is not bad but not as secure as other cases that I have.  The gel skin case that came with the case got a minor scuff but is nothing to be concerned about.",1
"Overall, I am pleased with the case and would recommend it if you want a nice summer case without putting pressure on the sides."",",1
",""I got the white case and it fits great.  It's pretty and thin but it protects the phone well.  The only problem I had was trying to figure out how to put my finger on the goog function button on the top and I couldn't see or hear it.  I figured if I put a ring on the phone it would make a cute button work like the photo shows.  But when I tried to put my finger on the goog I got a ring response code not found.  guess what? I put the white case underneath and that extra white case is actually easier to put on and feels a lot more comfortable in my hand.  It also has the earloop added on so you don't have to mess around with your ear.  Overall I'm very impressed with this product.  I plan on buying the other black cases in the future (ie Blackberry, Droid, etc) and I highly recommend them."",",1
"<|start|>,""I had previously an&nbsp;<a data-hook=""""product-link-linked"""" class=""""a-link-normal"""" href=""""/Plantronics-Voyager-PRO-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0027FFZEW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"""">Plantronics Voyager PRO Bluetooth Headset</a>&nbsp;which was designed for the larger size of the PRO, so there was no problem in connecting both devices.",1
"However, the MAXX (Massiveplay Eneloop) has a separate power adapter for the MAXX that you have to change the power adapter to use.  This is like switching from the subway to the light depot.  With MAXX you just use the male plug for the MAXX, and the female plug for the MAXX for the entire station.  With MAXX all you need to do",1
",""I bought this phone for my 11 year old son.  The screen on the phone is very nice.  Very bright.  Very low light.  Very easy to operate the phone at first.  Very easy to set the phone up for calls and internet.  Very handy for me as I have blackberry phone and my son likes to play games.  I would highly recommend this phone to my son.  P.S. my first order was less than we thought and it still looks like crap after a week.  My second order was $20.00 but it has held up really well. P.P.S If you don't have a case on your phone you can put money in instead."",",1
"<|start|>,""I bought this phone for one reason only: Sound quality. I wanted a smart phone that could take Siri's voice and make it sound better. The problem? The built in features were not up to the task. I did not like that the podcasts were only audible when listening to a computer screen, but that were cut out to play only when the phone was dropped. The built in features did not make sense. The built in features were expensive. What was I to make this phone cost $150? $200? $500? $1000? I wanted something to make me feel good about. The problem was that the built in features did not make sense. The built in features were not loud enough. What was I to make this phone make money? $5? $10 million? $15 million? $20 million? $25 million? I wanted something that would allow me to listen to my family and friends and that would be easy to navigate. The built in features were not",1
"<|start|>,""I've been a huge fan of Otterbox since I picked up a smartphone at their shop in the early 2000's.  When I got the PixelSkin 11, I was definitely pleased with the product and it's performance just comparing it to the cheaper, more technologically informed Android phones.  However, I was not sold on the hardware or its favorable performance PR I saw in the earlier reviews.  So I instead I had my suspicions and bought the PRO series.  The design is actually very similar to the Otterbox products and is not hampered by any limitations of the phone itself.  The phone is very similar in design to that of the Verizon branded phone, in that both have the same size antennae covered and can be used either on a city or a specific location.  Both have a side bed and a main power amp and a mini-usb hub, a mini-usb port and a power strip and a mini-usb port.  The ACTIVE case also sports",1
",""I must have just been unlucky. I was in Las Vegas for the Summer Sale and was looking for a portable dock to play my various bluetooth headsets. When I saw the price so cheap it really didn't make sense to me to spend $100+ for this? I turned to Amazon for a replacement and again...this.",1
This is a great replacement for those headphones that you may have already bought. It fits my Verizon 4G with an oleophobic cover and is totally silent. It is also extremely easy to pair with a bluetooth headset and you can control the phone with the old style stylus attached to it.,1
"The only downside is not comparing! The cables are a bit cheaply made and it takes a bit of finesse to finish the job."",",1
"<|start|>,""I did a lot of research before finally settling on a pet barrier for my brand new Subaru Forester.  This was the model I decided on.  I do not regret my choice, because I think I picked the best one out there.  I just wish there was something a little better.  It's a great solution to a bad combination.  I'm a 38ers fan, so I guess I just had luck...",1
"The Plantronics Forester is just what I was looking for.  A nice, tech-friendly cover for my Subaru Outback, and it fits PERFECTly.  It is also very soft, yet provides excellent protection from scrapes and grime.  It doesn't get as hot as my Outback V8, which is a big plus for me.  My wife is a plantronics engineer, so she doesn't even let us wear this thing...just me and my wife.  It's a bit of a leopard",1
",""I just received this case and holder today.  It's a hard plastic case with a rubber outer cover.  The holder is a bit snug but I'm pleased with it.  The case looks great.  The price was very right.  I wish it was better but  it's hard to beat the Droid Razr for this category.  I haven't decided if I'll vote for it but I'm looking forward to the next model."",",1
"<|start|>,""This is my FIRST Bluetooth HBOX, and I was pleased with it. I tried the Motorola HBOX2 for the um, hours, and finally bought this one from Amazon. I plugged in my iPhone, bluetooth and iPod to make sure everything went according to plan, and the Blue Ant HBOX2 stayed connected.",1
"Now, with this new headset, I travel the world and play concerts in different cities on multiple systems, and at the same time. I can radio in and out of airports, and run some apps! And I'm not just any easy listening, either. This is a comfortable headset for me, and I can also take it off and on just as easily.",1
"I'm a heavy metal fan, so I can't forget the times I got nervous on the set of 'Meet the Menagerie', or the time I gave my wife my iPhone 4 after taking it off in the parking lot of our daughter's prom. Or the time I got",1
"<|start|>,""The case fits my Nokia N8-01 with all ports secured. The case is made out of a soft rubber material and feels good in the hand. It slips closed and close enough that I don't want to slip my phone into the case every time I need to access it.  The case also slips closed enough that it doesn't make contact with any buttons.  The volume rocker and power users users users only, but open to the whole world.",1
"The only problem I have with it is the fact that it doesn't stay closed enough to prevent accidental contact.  It gets pretty hot outside so you may want to put a cloth in the area to protect from the elements.  Still, outside it is pretty tolerable.",1
"I bought another case because I like the matte texture of the case and the fact that it doesn't interfere with the touch screen.  It slips in and out of most cases but not this one.  It is, however, pretty",1
",""I am very pleased with the case. It feels really solid and well protected. When dropped it came in quick, has the feel of an old style case with a twist. Would highly recommend."",",1
",""I've been trading off between Symbian and Android for the past few years and thought I was through with Nokia after the n97 mini with its resistive screen and sluggish interface. But I was tempted by the N8's camera and have been pleased by the UI improvements of Symbian ^3.  My N8 has been fast and rock solid.  No shut downs, no bugs, no freezes.  The camera is as fantastic as advertised, and the antenna pulls in a usable signal where my iphone flatlines. I'm now looking forward to the firmware refresh due in a couple of months.  Nokia rocks."",",1
"<|start|>,""I just received this today and tried them out. I was a little worried that they would not fit my olfactory bubble and the larger size, but they certainly are nice and snug. The olfactory area is very nicely ventilated. I can also hear my clients very well and really like their design. I didn't think that I would like the olfactory area but now that I know how to use them, I will.",1
The material is pretty durable. I was a little worried that it would rub off but it doesn't at all. I have the office uniform so it doesn't feel like it's cracked. This case is a little bulky but it's functional nevertheless. The gloves are pretty nice but I noticed they don't have the same ridges as in my case but they do have two little tabs at the top so you can press together the two tabs to close the closure. This closes almost all of the ear flap (back to back) but there,1
"<|start|>,""I bought this to replace a Navi that I needed replaced my dash, All my electronics were dead, my phone was in the Navi's ignition, and I was about to turn it on when I pulled out the phone it said:",1
Navi Suspension Mount (Extended Version),1
Lets you know what model of suspension mount the phone is on,1
"It turns out that part of the mount is a OEM part, so you don't need to remove the battery or replace the battery.",1
It's one of the best things that I've seen in my travels so far.](http://www.amazon.com/Black-adapter-Navi-Navi-Navi-Toggle-Charging-Rear-Toggle-Swivel-Leaves-Ring-On-Screen-Fire-Rendering-Black/dp/B007TSKOES/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rv,1
",""I really like this case.  It's sleek, attractive and comfortable.  It fits my Verizon Galaxy Nexus perfectly.  No issues with getting it on and off.  I'm not happy if this case will not protect my phone.  I will be trying other options as well.",1
This is a great case for the price.  I use it with a slip on case and it stays on.  I will also be trying other designs as well.,1
"This is a great case for the price.  I like the sleek design and the square cut outs for buttons, volume buttons, etc. This avoids having gaps for some buttons and adds protection for others."",",1
",""This is a great a back up just in case you ever need it!  Has worked perfectly every time I have used it.",1
"I have used it for both my HTC DNA and Nexus 7 and supplies around 350ma on average (this depends on what your phone is doing, how much power it is using, and works best with the screen off)",1
I assume it does not come with documentation as it seems pretty obvious. but I have used it for both of my iphones and it has worked perfectly every time I have used it.,1
"I would highly recommend this for any phone that uses a AT&T network.  If you don't have that, or are a fringe user, this is a fantastic device.  BUY IT!!"",",1
"<|start|>,""I have tried two different types of bluetooth drivers; the GM204 and the GM521. I am generally very happy with non-adjustable drivers; however, I have lately noticed a few which could be adjusted. The GM204 adjusts very well but the banding is a little annoying at times. The T325 adjusts fine but the Volume buttons cannot be pressed easily enough to not accidently activate the co-pilot.&nbsp;<a data-hook=""""product-link-linked"""" class=""""a-link-normal"""" href=""""/Transcend-Gear-Altec-8-KG-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0027FFZEW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8"""">TranscendGearAltec 8-KG Bluetooth Headset</a>&nbsp;and the M100 adjusts well but the banding issue is worse when you add",1
"<|start|>,""I was looking for a simple, easy to use light saberscope that could be hung on my belt. This one works great and has pictures, and it fits nicely in my pocket. The clip is weak but very secure. I like that it has a thumb hole for the radio, and that it was designed to go into the cigarette lighter adapter.",1
Other great features:,1
- It does cancel some of the sluggish USB speeds,1
"-Tips and tricks: it makes using the phone easier, since none of the other features of a headset interfere with a phone call",1
-It can adjust to fit different screen sizes,1
"-It can be hung by the user, or as a combo",1
"-It can be hung with a light saber, which is a nice feature",1
Other nice features:,1
- It can adjust to fit different thickness plates,1
- It can adjust to fit different color,1
Other nice features:,1
-Matte-like finish. The mic sits,1
"<|start|>,""First of all, I would like to point out that the word """"chronic"""" here does not necessarily mean """"loose cords"""". In fact, the two words are almost interchangeable. For example, if you know you have a Kindle Keyboard in your pocket and you know the cords will connect to your laptop or printer about 3 times, you may already have a good idea.  I would recommend that you keep these in the pant case or else you may have a problem.",1
"Also, there is a reason that tie-dyed glasses are so soft: they attract dust, and if you take them off in public areas, your documents (such as your birth certificate or your child's) are in a bad spot.  Even if you don't clean them thoroughly, you can still scratch the document or couple them with a tie.",1
"Please do the math and see how long it will take... After 3 weeks, they are almost perfect.",1
If you still don,1
"<|start|>,""I have had a Motorola S305 for almost as long as this one and... well, I have a long way to go before I can recommend the S305.",1
"This is the best phone I've ever had. I have had AT&T, BellSouth, Comcast, and T-Mobile. I have had Kindle and Zune. I have had Kindle Mini. I have had Verizon. I have had AT&T. I have had Sprint. I have had Verizon. I have had Dreamworks. I have had Amazon Prime... and I have had Amazon Simple.",1
"This phone is the best... the fastest. It has no hangup problems and is completely reliable. The FM radio is not a problem at all. The screen is vibrant and has a nice white look. I love that Nokia has unlocked the software to allow full 4G use, unlike Apple where you would have to be AT&T to use theplenty of apps.",1
And yet...,1
"<|start|>,""So far it works great! Charges in no time and itsunny fast. the app has become very convenient and has stopped being quite soakable. The customer service is top notch as I haven't had any problems with it, which is surprising. I would say it's a good deal, especially since the seller was fantastic with the wifes device. I bought the Nokia N8 for my HTC saturday, and it worked flawlessly the following weekend. Can't see any reason to rate it lower than 5 stars.",1
Update,1
"So my wife is having a hard time with the phone after using it for a few weeks. It keeps getting its charges wrong. I actually wanted it to work the way I wanted it to work, but realized on a weekend run that it wouldn't. I sent it back to Amazon, and they changed the firmware to make it work on the rest of the world instead of the UK, which is dead last in terms of terms of",1
"<|start|>,""I don't recommend buying this connector, since it all but collapses the earphone jack. This is also more of a hassle than it sounds. But I ended up ordering a black for my iPhone, which was an OK purchase, since it came with a design from Apple that was much more similar to my earphone jack.",1
"The connector itself is not particularly complicated, and it looks like a simple connector to start with. The beauty of it is that you can use any number of female plugs, and each one will exactly which part of the connector you want to have. I've had two from Verizon and one from Mophie, and have always holstered properly.",1
"The one thing I don't like about this one is the cutout at the end of the connector. It makes my ear bleed white, and I always have to remove it from my ear.  Even though it has no cutout, it's too small and doesn't stay in the ear properly",1
"<|start|>,""I was looking for a /r/CFB subreddit for my personal blog and this product did it perfectly.",1
It only takes a matter of seconds (or a few minutes if you are quick to recall what you are doing) to create an account on /r/CFB and create a new account.,1
I followed the instructions and purchased this one from Amazon at a discounted price.,1
"I have been looking for a while for phones that would listen to the radio and report what had been said on the radio, but couldn't find anything like it.",1
This is a great starter product for those who want to learn the ropes in dealing with fans of the radio.,1
"(NOTE TO MOTOROLA developers CRONUZ and SA to allow FILE TO SCREEN, which caused some pictures to shift in and out of focus)",1
Textured rubber (no thumbs up),1
You must press it to adjust to a view. You can,1
"<|start|>,""When I first got this case I loved it - slim and my family love it.  Very nice protection and I have not had a problem with malfunctions or if I'm not blacklisted by Verizon because of my Blackberry number. I did have one problem with it - when in a dark room with light to moderate light activity I could not get the case close enough to the window so I had to remove it and re-install it.  I do not recommend this case as the price could have been even better.  The problem is when the case is too close to the window the sound is too loud.",1
I have tried to replace though but unfortunately it's not easy.  So having said that I have listened to the music and was very happy when I did.  When the problem occurred I realized how much time and money it has saved me in repairing and replacing.  And I am very happy about that.  The sound quality is much better and I'm now very,1
",""I was a bit skeptical of this headset, but it definitely feels like it does well.  I've had others that have worked well and Well, this time, it works fantastically.  And feels more comfortable than others I've owned.  Which is pretty pretty, I know.  And I had some serious lumps on mine yesterday (my headset was already in good condition when I ordered it), so, if you plan on taking this with you, this is not the best thing for a contaminated headset.  I'm also very pleased to say that although the price was a bit low, I have no fear that my dirty cheap baby VOICE will be contaminated again.  I'll have to order another, but it's a must have for me and a must have for anyone who wants to protect their brand new Motorola,"",",1
"<|start|>,""I was looking for a 5V battery for my Samsung Galaxy Tab S. i.e. At 6V 12V 1A i.e. 24hrrybrid. Battery life was excellent.",1
At 2.5V i.e. Off Grid. Charging mode.,1
At 4V Samsung Mobile Phone Galaxy Tab S. Display is set to Off.,1
At 3V Sprint Siesta Display (White),1
CAMERA S HARDWARE!!! i love it. Battery life is great.,1
CONS :,1
Screen is Sharp and Slim,1
"Screen is Sharp and Magnetic """"PierNo"""""""" pattern appears on the back",1
CONS (What this Battery Is not):,1
"No Name brand Magnetic PierNo. of Cells Cells Typlevel Material Aluminum, Smooth Slide",1
Quantity (I didn't want 100% 100% ideas):,1
6,1
1. Air-cooled to the point of melt-down,1
2,1
",""I just received this and it was a beautiful surprise.  It was also delivered quickly.  Needless to say, I was VERY impressed with the product.  There are many options that this device can have, and even a few that are """"really nice"""" as they say. This is by far the best """"cutesy"""" phone I've ever had.  Now that I have it, I will have it for a long time to come."",",1
",""I just received my order on time sealed and in great condition. Looks nice and tough, keeps battery charged even when not connected. The case will also keep out dust from getting in your pocket/face.  Also loved it, even more than the stock case I ordered for my previous order, so it was worth the extra cost and time."",",1
"<|start|>,""I've had this case for a long time now and I must say really love it. The color is rich and bold. The case is easy to pull out of the phone. All buttons and connections are easily overlook. The material is of good quality. Very sturdy. Can hold a table or hard surface protector. This case will not do if you are roughing it on concrete or roughhousing the device. Instead, you have these two things: a cheap soft rubber case that rubs off as you get it and a hard plastic material that gives it a bit of a tacky feel that will keep it from slipping on the table or board. This is how I have found that I need to spend a couple hundred dollars to get this case installed. The only other thing I would really suggest is the use of a small, round socket. A soft, flexible piece of plastic will fit snugly around the outside of this case. The one thing I don't like about this case is the",1
"<|start|>,""I bought these seeing their many uses, but wanted a belt clip so I could put my GPS on, which would also work with the holster. This clip fits perfectly, and has a good adherence to the bodywork. The magnetic clip is easy to place in the holster, but the arms aren't fixed and therefore, need to be adjusted with the headlamp. Also, the clip has a fine view of the phone for watching video, and is somewhat adjustable (handed) so you can keep it in your on your belt.",1
"I love the fact that it has a kick stand, which isn't so much a stand as a dollhouse effect. I can easily angleise it to match my phone reception, and that's one of the main reasons I bought it. The clip also has a steel frame to keep it solidly attached to the phone, and that flex ratio is perfect.",1
"The clip has a good fit, and the phone feels quite solid when gripped by the",1
"<|start|>,""I've been trading off between Symbian and Android for the past few years and thought I was through with Nokia after the n97 mini with its resistive screen and sluggish design. But I was tempted by the N8's camera and have been pleased by the UI improvements of Symbian ^3.  My N8 has been fast and rock solid.  No dropped calls or any strange hardware problems.  My N9 is rock solid!  I'm using it with the HTC EVO 4G LTE signal, which is a plus.  My wife is also using the Nokia Lumia 900, which is a minus.  She is using it with the EVO 4G LTE signal and is far happier with it.  The Symbian 3.0 build of this phone does make it easier (if not easier than I had imagined)  to switch from phone to phone, but  the """"hardware"""" challenges are much more difficult.  Without any fancy OS or carrier support,",1
",""Can't beat the quality for all of the features and the price.  It's a great deal.  The only problem I have with it is the size.  I got the smaller version and it fits me perfectly.  It fits me perfectly when I sit back and watch the sunset set video.  It's small but so wonderful.  I adore it."",",1
",""I had a black iphone and it fit perfectly.  I was quite taken off my white iphone and put on the tonga.  It is a beautiful device and I love it.  It is easy to use and provides a safe and enjoyable mode of ownership for my iphone.",1
"Since I have always had iphone and iphones, I figured there was a reasonable chance that I would find this attractive."",",1
",""This product seems to be of good quality, and tolerates the occasional slight crack.  However, it goes on and off quickly, and in my case it didn't even crackle.  So I guess it's not so bad."",",1
"<|start|>,""Good product and fast shipping.  The rubberized edges don't scratch the phone like other materials; however, it covers the edge with black felt when cutting it.  I was afraid the edge would get scratched up from the rubbing alcohol, but it has been very easy to clean off.",1
Cons:,1
"-Price;  The price when I ordered the actual Glif are $22.95 for 2 and a half oz.; $17.50 for a half litre; and up to a 64-hour OG state warranty. (As of 9/21/2012, the Glif has a one-year warranty)",1
"-Short life; I received no texts; however, I was confident that the battery would last over a full day; even with the extended battery.  However, a quick google around demonstrated that the battery no longer works correctly, and I decided to look for a replacement battery.",1
"Based on the price, do I consider this a necessity,",1
"<|start|>,""I bought it for my Sprint S3, and I can honestly say that it does the phone justice. The display is amazing, and does exactly what is expected of it. The colors are as amazing as expected, and the sound is as good as advertised.",1
"Other than that, the sound is great. The battery life is unbelievable, and is more than enough to keep your phone running all day and not run short at the end of the day. I didn't even notice the speakers are on when I'm talking, and I can hear absolutely no one here. It's a little annoying when I'm talking, but I'm not a loud person, and this has the perfect fit perfectly with my ear, so nothing is attracting sound from the ear.",1
"The only thing I don't like is the packaging, it's a little hard to swallow, but it's not any worse than a generic case.",1
"Overall, I can say that the ear bud attachment isas",1
"<|start|>,""This is my first Galaxy S3 I got and I was pleased with it.  I didn't expect much in comparison to the cheap case and luckily it didn't break of shipping. The case is very durable and fits very snug.  If you have a tight spot around your ear the cutouts will get chopped off. But they are there anyway and don't seem to be much bigger than the casing.  I have a iphone 3Gs and the fit is great with the case on.",1
The real beauty of the case is its ability to protect the back orifice of your phone.  The soft back of the case is slippery so it slides easily into and out of pockets.  With the case attached it slips into an earplug and it doesn't bother leaving.  This is good because now when I'm wearing it just come on down low and plug in the plug and it pops open.  The front doesn't allow much room for pocket contact so now there,1
",""Please heed to the review that originally appeared on this Item's Title.  This discussion page is being deleted.  Frankly, I'm not impressed.  I was expecting the opposite result.  But I have the feeling the reviewer has learned from their mistakes... and is now using the feedback to improve this item.  It's a 12-ounce can, and it's going to arrive in a timely fashion.  Frankly, I can't say enough about this handy accessory.  I would recommend it to a friend, and increase the size to a 12-ounce can is highly recommended."",",1
"<|start|>,""I was skeptical of buying this cable, since it's just a pinhole, but it shouldn't cost more than the typical ground wire. The USB cable can be used for various things, entertainment, watching movies, etc. This cable seems to save my time, whereas the other USB cables I bought, which cost $30 or so, are now being replaced by this larger, more powerful cable. The difference in time is enormous.",1
"I was quite taken back when I discovered on the box inside the charger that the actual cable was made by a different manufacturer! The end result is exactly the same as the original: a neat, neat little charger, but it's an actual pinhole in the USB port, NOT a micro USB cable. I'm not aware of any other product that provides true neat keys, so I'm left with the less expensive, cleaner, sanitary-scale charger.",1
I adore this little company and hope that they make this charger their default device,1
"<|start|>,""I read many other reviews before I made my purchase that said the clip snapped on poorly and did not work.  I tried sewing it to look like a flimsy cable but after 30 days it broke.  I tried everything to make it work.  It is poorly made and has many problems.  I wanted to return it and get another one.  It snaps on easily and stays on even after you open it the next day.  It is made to look like a penny tube so you don't waste your money.  You can't have it both ways.  I will not buy from them again.",1
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~,1
I had this for a long time and I always get compliments on it.  The only thing about it is that it is VERY bulky.  I had it for a very long time and had to replace it every couple of months.  I hated it.  Now I hate it.  The only thing it offers me is an enormous,1
"<|start|>,""The phone is very good is a very good phone with the android theme.",1
Battery life is decent. The phone has 2 power banks.,1
Settings it comes with which works well for me.,1
Cell signal is good. I programmed the Sprint network feature (Sprint hotspot) and it knows it's in the US and it adds a sim if the US partner is in the US.,1
"Note: I didn't know that intuit if it was in the US or not, but I guess that makes it easier for people to settings.",1
Things I don't like about it:,1
Random call making. The sound of the warning light flashing is irritating.,1
The battery life is long. The tip of the wand will cut out if you don't mind charging.,1
"The volume will easily come in contact with your ear. This is bothersome, but not a bad deal.",1
The SD card slot is full of crap. The card wasn't meant to be inserted,1
"<|start|>,""Bought one free of shipping for my Transformer band-aid, and I was pretty happy until I got a picture of the included instruction sheet.  The unit does indeed work, and the price is nothing to shabby about.  The only problem is that it only works with certain cell phones.  I am using a cell-phone as a sickly smithy technician, and am hoping that while acting as a smite, my smite will also work with certain cell phones that have an 8-bit sound engine.  The instructions that are included with the cell phone cell phone operating system are useless, and are instead pretty simple math-based information form the AT&T specification of a waveform that is not supported by the AT&T band, so I quickly realized that this cell phone cell phone operating system does not conform to the AT&T specification.  I quickly discovered that although the plant uses cell phones as a skype language, AT&T does not",1
",""I have the M155, this product's not bad at all. It is the same size as the original Motorola (and is made by another company), but worse, the replacement part is bigger. It just looks stupid, and not well made. I don't like the instructions. I didn't read them. I can't understand how they could work this way.",1
"I put this case on my HTC EVO 4G and it fits PERFECTLY. It fits PERFECTLY. The only thing is the Motorola part. If you want a mirror finish, look elsewhere."",",1
"<|start|>,""I contacted Skinomi about a defective battery, and when I tested the product (a Jawbone), the battery performance was almost identical to the stock battery. Skinomi went to great lengths to explain to me and my friend to avoid using the Jawbone, stating in the product description that the stock battery will work with the Jawbone. But the product description was misleading. The following are some of the problems with the Jawbone battery:",1
1.  1st Generation (and Next Generation)Battery = Not a Quick Charge product.  Here is how to reduce the battery to 4 packs:,1
"<a data-hook=""""product-link-linked"""" class=""""a-link-normal"""" href=""""/HTC-REZOUND-SOLID-BLACK-S-CURVE-TPU-GEL-SKIN-PACKAGING-IN-LETTER-IN-BOX/dp/B005TQRLQ5/ref=",1
",""I bought this cell phone for my 11 year old son.  He has a hard time with touchtone and voice dial and wanted to know how he could have so many touch-tone and voice-dial.  Well, he started with the touch-tone and the voice-dial.  He likes the chrome look and the chrome quickly became obsolete.  Next, he tried the chrome for only 1/3 of the phone's total battery life.  He gave up this touch-tone and went with the other option, with the battery-saving feature of having the voice-dial turned off by pressing the keys.  Well, he didn't like the voice-dial and so chose the other option, with the battery-saving feature of having the phone turned on by holding the phone by the dashboard.  Very disappointed.  It's a beautiful phone and I'd highly recommend it."",",1
"<|start|>,""I have had this phone for a week now and it works flawlessly.  I upgraded to Android 4.x and rooted to Android 5.0.0.  I downloaded the Google Maps and it is fully functional.  Works great.  I was worried about the GPS, but it doesn't issue any real long distance unless I'm really REALLY REALLY REALLY WIDER or WHEN I'm IN THE GORIWAY.  I also need to mention that I have asked that the GPS be removed from the antenna.  It should only be a problem if you are CONVINCED that the GORIWAY is still working and your using a properly tuned device.  This removed feature was the real reason why it was not longer acceptable.",1
==================,1
EDIT:,1
"After months of looking, I finally found the good info website that has a good FAQ that has some good suggestions for where to find it.  The company does not make it easy, but at",1
"<|start|>,""Order this item to replace my entire case that I purchased through Amazon. The fit is poor and the material is really soft. It makes your phone much more slippery. With soap and water you can remove the case but it will not sulk over your phone and slide it onto your phone. Also, the opening for the charging port is pretty small and obtrusive. Thats, it is good for the iPhone 4S, but not great for the iPhone. The plastic is easily scratched up. Even with the case sagged over most of it's life there are still fingerprints to wipe off the hard plastic. It also covers the opening for the rear camera. The flash is fine, just not as large as the Xoom. I wouldn't recommend this item unless you are absolutely desperate. The price is great because it really cuts down on your monthly bills. It also doesn't cost as much as other cheaper cases that you can get your fingers going on the cheap side by side. Overall",1
"<|start|>,""I read many of the reviews for this product before I made my purchase, so I had no misconceptions about how well it might work for my application. As many have already stated, the plug and 'goose neck' have a hard time handling the weight of these new smart phones. It does not want to remain in your hand, even in a non-stop stream of touch inputs. To make matters worse, the rubberized plastic on the back of the iphone 5 is making it difficult to keep pressure on it. Overall, I'd give it 5 stars, but it would be worth it if they could improve the design a bit.",1
"Overall, I'm neutral on this as it far Prevents the iphone from falling out of your pocket or pants. It's not a precise case, but in the hand it works and it works really well. I don't need a stylus or compass, but I guess that's about it for me.",1
Need,1
",""I have been looking for a basic phone holder for my daughter since she was small.  First she hated it because it was so small she didn't understand why we had to buy an expensive phone holder for it.  Her suggestion was to purchase this handy docketing device.  After that it was very simple to replace a lamp post that we had used in our car.  There are dozens of these on the market and they all work perfectly.  The only thing to consider is that some of them are just too big.  If you have a small child you will probably want to consider having a larger lamp post for the sake of it."",",1
"<|start|>,""I have been using this phone for a week now and it is dead. The alarm is weak and tinny. The keyboard is good at typing but when I use it with my kids' videos or other apps I can forget that. The screen is big and does take up much space. The one thing I love about this phone is the wallpapers. It is so easy to use these android wallpapers are amazing. I use these on the go and in the car the icons are amazing. I really love the design of this phone. I have had some problems however and when I need help I will get help from the Android developer. The wallpapers are not high resolution and it pains me to say this phone does not have the most up to date icons it could easily be a 1st generation Android 2.2 and not up to date. Also the camera is a little off but I was very lucky and it was very good.",1
Camera If you have not used a smartphone the instructions,1
",""I have owned these for less than a week and I absolutely love the color.  I also bought one for my wife who has Down syndrome and she loves it.  Here's her feedback...",1
"I like that the charger will charge all the devices.  The red and white is crisp and there aren't too many blobs of it everywhere.  I find it easy to keep hold of and sometimes it's easy to reach for.  It's not hard to get out, even with all the fuss it makes you may feel like you're carrying a brick.  It's not the thick, glossy glossy glossy that is a big plus but the red and white makes it easy to keep hold of and it protects the back.  It looks great too and for the half price of one I was happy with it.  Nice versatility,"",",1
"<|start|>,""I have to admit I was a little concerned about the durability of this case after looking at it for a while.  I have taken it off for a while now and put it on my Mazda3 and it looks virtually new too.  My concern was with very slight vibration, but it does not go away.  I have insurance as far as dealing with that and it does not break easily.  My concern was with the poor fit and the ugly handle.  It is made out of a material that is flimsy and cheapen a lot of plastics.  The problem with the case is it slides in and out of the way so very little effort is put into it.  One person tried to do a hundred times and get it to slide in and out of the way using what appears to be a small screw that is actually a small flat head.  It did not work and I have to send it back.  Well, I guess you can say that it was a bad",1
